             Social Science
India and the Contemporary World – II
    Textbook in History for Class X
                 2018-19


                                                                                      ISBN 81-7450-707-8
First Edition
March 2007          Chaitra 1928                                                ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Reprinted                                            q  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or
                                                        transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
January 2008        Pausa 1929                          recording or otherwise without the prior permission of the publisher.
January 2009        Magha 1930                       q  This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade, be lent,
January 2010        Magha 1931                          re-sold, hired out or otherwise disposed of without the publisher’s consent, in any
                                                        form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published.
January 2011        Magha 1932
                                                     q  The correct price of this publication is the price printed on this page, Any revised
January 2012        Magha 1933                          price indicated by a rubber stamp or by a sticker or by any other means is incorrect
November 2012       Kartika 1934                        and should be unacceptable.
November 2013       Kartika 1935
December 2014       Pausha 1936
February 2016       Magha 1937
                                                           OFFICES OF THE PUBLICATION
December 2016       Pausa 1938
                                                           DIVISION, NCERT
December 2017       Pausa 1939
                                                            NCERT Campus
                                                            Sri Aurobindo Marg
PD 650T+100T HK                                             New Delhi 110 016                              Phone : 011-26562708
                                                            108, 100 Feet Road
© National Council of Educational                           Hosdakere Halli Extension
                                                            Banashankari III Stage
   Research and Training, 2007                              Bengaluru 560 085                            Phone : 080-26725740
                                                            Navjivan Trust Building
                                                            P.O.Navjivan
                                                            Ahmedabad 380 014                              Phone : 079-27541446
                                                            CWC Campus
                                                            Opp. Dhankal Bus Stop
                                                            Panihati
                                                            Kolkata 700 114                                Phone : 033-25530454
                                                            CWC Complex
                                                            Maligaon
                                                            Guwahati 781 021                               Phone : 0361-2674869
` 125.00                                           Publication Team
                                                   Head, Publication                             : M. Siraj Anwar
                                                   Division
                                                   Chief Editor                                  : Shveta Uppal
                                                   Chief Business Manager : Gautam Ganguly
                                                   Chief Production                              : Arun Chitkara
                                                   Officer (Incharge)
                                                   Production Assistant                          : Om Prakash
Printed on 80 GSM paper with NCERT
watermark                                                                  Cover and Layout
                                                         Parthiv Shah assisted by Shraboni Roy
Published at the Publication Division by the
                                                                            and Shivraj Patra
Secretary, National Council of Educational
Research and Training, Sri Aurobindo                                            Cartography
Marg, New Delhi 110 016 and printed                                              K. Varghese
at Swan Press, 308 & 309, Sector -7
Manesar, Gurugram - 122 050 Haryana
                                             2018-19


Foreword
The National Curriculum Framework (NCF) 2005 recommends that children’s life
at school must be linked to their life outside the school. This principle marks a
departure from the legacy of bookish learning which continues to shape our system
and causes a gap between the school, home and community. The syllabi and textbooks
developed on the basis of NCF signify an attempt to implement this basic idea.
They also attempt to discourage rote learning and the maintenance of sharp boundaries
between different subject areas. We hope these measures will take us significantly
further in the direction of a child-centred system of education outlined in the National
Policy on Education (1986).
The success of this effort depends on the steps that school principals and teachers
will take to encourage children to reflect on their own learning and to pursue
imaginative activities and questions. We must recognise that, given space, time and
freedom, children generate new knowledge by engaging with the information passed
on to them by adults. Treating the prescribed textbook as the sole basis of examination
is one of the key reasons why other resources and sites of learning are ignored.
Inculcating creativity and initiative is possible if we perceive and treat children as
participants in learning, not as receivers of a fixed body of knowledge.
These aims imply considerable change in school routines and mode of functioning.
Flexibility in the daily time-table is as necessary as rigour in implementing the annual calendar
so that the required number of teaching days are actually devoted to teaching. The methods
used for teaching and evaluation will also determine how effective this textbook proves
for making children’s life at school a happy experience, rather than a source of stress or
boredom. Syllabus designers have tried to address the problem of curricular burden by
restructuring and reorienting knowledge at different stages with greater consideration for
child psychology and the time available for teaching. The textbook attempts to enhance
this endeavour by giving higher priority and space to opportunities for contemplation
and wondering, discussion in small groups, and activities requiring hands-on
experience.
NCERT appreciates the hard work done by the textbook development committee
responsible for this book. We wish to thank the Chairperson of the Advisory Group
on Social Science, Professor Hari Vasudevan and the Chief Advisor for this book,
Professor Neeladri Bhattacharya for guiding the work of this committee. Several
teachers contributed to the development of this textbook; we are grateful to their
principals for making this possible. We are indebted to the institutions and
organisations which have generously permitted us to draw upon their resources,
material and personnel. We are especially grateful to the members of the National
                                            2018-19


   Monitoring Committee, appointed by the Department of Secondary and Higher
   Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development under the
   Chairpersonship of Professor Mrinal Miri and Professor G. P. Deshpande, for
   their valuable time and contribution. As an organisation committed to systemic
   reform and continuous improvement in the quality of its products, NCERT
   welcomes comments and suggestions which will enable us to undertake further
   revision and refinement.
                                                                         Director
   New Delhi                                     National Council of Educational
   20 November 2006                                         Research and Training
iv
                                           2018-19


Textbook Development Committee
CHAIRPERSON, ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR TEXTBOOKS IN SOCIAL SCIENCE FOR
THE SECONDARY STAGE
Hari Vasudevan, Professor, Department of History, Calcutta University, Kolkata
C HIEF ADVISOR
Neeladri Bhattacharya, Professor, Centre for Historical Studies, School of Social
Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi (Chapter V)
Members
Brij Tankha, Professor, Department of East Asian Studies, University of Delhi
(Chapter II)
G. Balachandran, Professor, Graduate Institute of International Studies, Geneva
(Chapter IV)
Janaki Nair, Professor, Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Kolkata (Chapter VI)
Monica Juneja, Professor, Maria-Goeppert-Mayer Guest Professor, Historisches
Seminar, University of Hanover, Germany (Chapter I)
P.K. Dutta, Professor, Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Kolkata (Chapter VIII)
Rashmi Paliwal, Eklavya, Hoshangabad
Rekha Krishnan, Head of Senior School, Vasant Valley School, New Delhi
Sekhar Bandyopadhyay, Professor, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences,
Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand (Chapter III)
Shukla Sanyal, Reader, Department of History, Calcutta University, Kolkata (Chapter I)
Tanika Sarkar, Professor, Centre for Historical Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University,
New Delhi (Chapter VII)
Udaya Kumar, Professor, Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Kolkata (Chapter VIII)
MEMBER-C OORDINATOR
Kiran Devendra, Professor, Department of Elementary Education, NCERT,
New Delhi
                                   2018-19


2018-19

Acknowledgements
This book is the result of a collective effort of a large number of historians, teachers and
educationists. Each chapter has been written, discussed and revised over many months. We
would like to acknowledge all those who have participated in these discussions.
A large number of people have read chapters of the book and provided support. We
thank in particular the members of the Monitoring Committee who commented on an
earlier draft ; Kumkum Roy suggested many changes in the text; G. Arunima, Gautam
Bhadra, Supriya Chaudhuri, Jayanti Chattopadhyay, Sangeetha Raj, Sambuddha Sen,
Lakshmi Subramaniam, A.R. Venkatachalapathy, T.R. Ramesh Bairy, C.S. Venkiteswaran
and Sahana helped with Chapter VIII. Purushottam Agarwal helped write the sections
on the Hindi novel. Ngun Quoc Anh translated Vietnamese texts for Chapter III.
Illustrating the book would have been impossible without the help of many institutions
and individuals: the Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Division; Rabindra
Bhawan Photo Archives, Viswabharati University, Shantiniketan; Photo Archives,
American Embassy, New Delhi; Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts,
New Delhi ; National Manuscript Mission Library, New Delhi ; Centre for Studies in
Social Sciences, Kolkata; Ashutosh Collection of the National Library, Kolkata;
Roja Muthaiah Research Library Trust, Chennai; India Collection, India International
Centre; Archives of Indian Labour, V.V. Giri National Institute of Labour, New Delhi;
Photo Archives, University of West Indies, Trinidad. Jyotindra and Juta Jain allowed
generous access to their vast collection of visual images now stored at the CIVIC Archives;
Parthiv Shah provided several photographs from his collection. Prabhu Mohapatra
supplied visuals of indentured labourers; Muzaffar Alam procured material from the
Library of Chicago; Pratik Chakrabarty scanned images from the Kent University
Library; Anish Vanaik and Parth Shil did photo research in New Delhi.
Shalini Advani did many rounds of editing with care and ensured that the texts were
accessible to children. Shyama Warner’s sharp eye picked up innumerable slips and lapses
in the text. We thank them both for their total involvement in the project.
We have made every effort to acknowledge credits , but we apologise in advance for any
omission that may have inadvertently taken place.
                                        2018-19


Credits
 Photographs and pictures
We would like to acknowledge the following:
Institutions and Photo Archives
Archives of Indian Labour, V.V. Giri National Institute of Labour (V: 18, 19)
Ashutosh Collection of the National Library, Kolkata
Collection Jyotindra and Juta Jain, Civic Archives (III: 11, 13, 14; V: 25, 26a,
26b, 27; VII: 17)
Cultural Heritage Administration (CHA), Cheongju Early Printing Museum, Republic
of Korea (VII: 155, 156)
Library of Congress Prints and Photography Division (IV: 20; VII: 40)
Manuscript Mission Collection (VII: 14, 15, 16)
Photo Archive, American Library, New Delhi (IV: 21, 23)
Photo Archives, University of West Indies, Trinidad (IV: 14, 15, 16)
Publications Division, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (images for
Chapter III photographs)
Roja Muthaiah Research Library Trust, Chennai
Sahitya Akademi, Kolkata (many images for Chapter VIII)
Journals
The Illustrated London News (IV: 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13; V: 4, 5, 6, 8, 12; VI: 2,
7, 9, 10, 11, 12)
Illustrated Times (V: 12)
Indian Charivari (VII: 18)
Graphic: (IV: 13)
Books
Breman, Jan and Parthiv Shah, Working the Mill No More (V: 21)
Chaudhuri, K.N., Trade and Civilization in the Indian Ocean (map in Chapter IV)
Dwivedi, Sharda and Rahul Mehrotra, Bombay: The City Within (III: 1; VI: 16, 18, 22)
Evenson, Norma, The Indian Metropolis: A View Toward the West (VI: 19, 20, 21, 23)
Goswami, B.N., The Word is Sacred; Sacred is the Word (VII: 14, 15, 16)
Hall, Peter, Cities of Tomorrow: An Intellectual History of Urban Planning and Design in the Twentieth
Century (VI: 6)
Harvey, David, Paris: Capital of Modernity (VI: 15)
Jones, G.S., Outcast London: A Study in the Relationship between Classes in Victorian Society (VI: 13)
Karnow, Stanley, Vietnam: A History (III: 10, 11, 13, 15, 17, 20)
Ruhe, Peter, Gandhi (III: 2, 3, 5, 8)
Sennett, Richard, Flesh and Stone: The Body and the City in Western Civilisation (VI: 1, 14)
The Golden Shoe: Building Singapore’s Financial District (VI: 24)
                                                 2018-19


Introduction
We live in a world where the existence of nations is taken for granted. We see people as
belonging to nations and having a nationality, and we assume that this sense of belonging
has existed from time immemorial. We consider countries as the same as nations, and use
the two terms as synonyms, making little distinction between them. We think of countries
as unified entities, each with a demarcated international boundary, a defined territory, a
national language, and a central government.
Yet if we were to travel in a time capsule to the mid-eighteenth century and look for
nations as we know them today, we would not find them. If we were to ask people
about their nationality, about their national identity, they would not understand our
questions. For at that time, nations did not exist in their modern form. People lived
within kingdoms, small states, principalities, chiefdoms and duchies, not within nations.
As Eric Hobsbawm, a famous historian, once said, the most remarkable fact about the
modern nation is its modernity. The history of its existence is no more than 250 years
old.
How did the modern nation come into being? How did people begin to see themselves
as belonging to a nation?
The sense of belonging to a nation developed only over a period of time. The first three
chapters (in Section I) of this book will trace this history. You will see how the idea of
nationalism emerged in Europe, how territories were unified, and national governments
formed. It was a process that took many decades, involved many wars and revolutions,
many ideological battles and political conflicts. From a discussion of Europe (Chapter I)
we will shift our focus to the growth of nationalism in Indo-China and India. In both
these regions, nationalism was shaped by the experience of colonialism and the anti-
imperialist movement. But the national movements in these countries took on forms
that were also widely different. Chapters II and III will help you understand how
nationalism in colonial countries can develop in a variety of ways, glorify contrasting
ideals, and be linked to different modes of struggle.
The story of nationalism in these chapters will move at several levels. You will of course
read about great leaders like Giuseppe Mazzini, Ho Chi Minh and Mahatma Gandhi.
But we cannot understand nationalism only by knowing about the words and deeds of
important leaders, and the big and dramatic events they led and participated in. We have
to also look at the aspirations and activities of ordinary people, see how nationalism is
expressed in small events of everyday life, and shaped by a variety of seemingly dissimilar
and unrelated social movements. To understand how nationalism spreads, we need to
know not only what the leaders said, but also how their words were understood and
interpreted by people. If we are to think about how people begin to identify with a
nation, we must see not only the political events that are critical to the process, but also
how nationalist sensibilities are nurtured by artists and writers, and through art and
literature, songs and tales.
In Section II, we will shift our focus to economies and livelihoods. Last year you read
about those social groups – pastoralists, forest dwellers and peasants – who are often
seen as survivors from past times when in fact they are very much part of the modern
world we live in. This year we will focus on developments that are seen as symbolising
                                       2018-19


  modernity – globalisation, industrialisation, urbanisation – and see the many sides
  of the history of these developments.
  In Chapter IV you will see how the global world has emerged out of a long and
  complicated history. From ancient times, pilgrims, traders, travelers have traversed
  distances, carrying goods, information and skills, linking societies in ways that often
  had contradictory consequences. Items of food and species of plants spread from
  one region to another, transferring information and taste, as well as disease and
  death. As Western powers carried the flag of ‘civilisation’ deep into different parts
  of Africa, precious metals and slaves were taken away to Europe and America. When
  coffee and sugar were grown in the Caribbean plantations for the world market, an
  oppressive system of indentured labour came into being in India and China to supply
  workers for the plantations.
  Chapter VI similarly will look at the many sides of the development of cities as they
  have come up in different parts of the world. Enchanted by the growth of cities,
  visitors to big cities could often see only the bridges and buildings, the roads and
  new modes of transport, and the array of glittering shops selling diverse goods.
  Cities seem to be places where trade and industries expand, people come in search of
  work and opportunities of employment open up. While looking at this history of
  growth, however, we should not forget the lives of those who do not find any job,
  or those who survive by vending and hawking on the streets, living in makeshift
  shelters or crowded tenements. Chapter VI tries to capture the many contrasting
  experiences of the city.
  Section III will introduce you to the histories of print culture and the novel.
  Surrounded by things that appear in print, we might find it difficult today to imagine
  a time when printing was still unknown. Chapter VII will trace how the history of
  the contemporary world is intimately connected with the growth of print. You will
  see how printing made possible the spread of information and ideas, debates and
  discussions, advertising and propaganda, and a variety of new forms of literature.
  The novel, for instance, could become popular only because it could be printed and
  sold in large numbers. As novels were widely read, they began to influence the
  minds of people, shape identities and behaviour, and became connected to the culture
  and politics of the time. We often do not realise how our attitudes to the world are
  moulded by the literature we read.
  When we discuss such themes of everyday life, we begin to see how history can help
  us reflect on even the seemingly ordinary things in the world.
  Like the history book you read last year, India and the Contemporary World II, has
  eight chapters divided into three sections. You are required to read only five chapters:
  two each from Sections I and II, and one from Section III.
                                                             N EELADRI B HATTACHARYA
                                                                 Chief Advisor – History
x
                                              2018-19


Contents
Foreword                                                 iii
Introduction                                             ix
Section I: Events and Processes
   I. The Rise of Nationalism in Europe                   3
  II. The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China            29
 III. Nationalism in India                              53
                      Section II: Livelihoods, Economies and Societies
                       IV. The Making of a Global World                 77
                        V . The Age of Industrialisation               103
                       VI. Work, Life and Leisure                      127
Section III: Everyday Life, Culture and Politics
 VII. Print Culture and the Modern World               153
VIII. Novels, Society and History                      177
                                                                           xi
                                    2018-19


2018-19

SECTION I
EVENTS AND PROCESSES
               2018-19


2018-19

                                                                                                                                                                Chapter I
The Rise of Nationalism in Europe
                                                                                                                               T h e NRa t i oinsa l ies m inoEfu r o p eN a t i o n a l i s m i n E u r o p e
 Fig. 1 — The Dream of Worldwide Democratic and Social Republics – The Pact Between Nations, a print prepared by
 Frédéric Sorrieu, 1848.
In 1848, Frédéric Sorrieu, a French artist, prepared a series of four
                                                                            New words
prints visualising his dream of a world made up of ‘democratic
and social Republics’, as he called them. The first print (Fig. 1) of the   Absolutist – Literally, a government or
series, shows the peoples of Europe and America – men and women             system of rule that has no restraints on
of all ages and social classes – marching in a long train, and offering     the power exercised. In history, the term
homage to the statue of Liberty as they pass by it. As you would            refers to a for m of monarchical
recall, artists of the time of the French Revolution personified Liberty    government that was centralised,
as a female figure – here you can recognise the torch of Enlightenment      militarised and repressive
she bears in one hand and the Charter of the Rights of Man in the           Utopian – A vision of a society that is so
other. On the earth in the foreground of the image lie the shattered        ideal that it is unlikely to actually exist
remains of the symbols of absolutist institutions. In Sorrieu’s
utopian vision, the peoples of the world are grouped as distinct            Activity
nations, identified through their flags and national costume. Leading
                                                                            In what way do you think this print (Fig. 1)
the procession, way past the statue of Liberty, are the United States
                                                                            depicts a utopian vision?
and Switzerland, which by this time were already nation-states. France,
                                                                                                                           3
                                                           2018-19


                                   identifiable by the revolutionary tricolour, has just reached the statue. Source A
                                   She is followed by the peoples of Germany, bearing the black, red
                                                                                                              Ernst Renan, ‘What is a Nation?’
                                   and gold flag. Interestingly, at the time when Sorrieu created this
                                                                                                              In a lecture delivered at the University of
                                   image, the German peoples did not yet exist as a united nation – the
                                                                                                              Sorbonne in 1882, the French philosopher Ernst
                                   flag they carry is an expression of liberal hopes in 1848 to unify the Renan (1823-92) outlined his understanding of
                                   numerous German-speaking principalities into a nation-state under what makes a nation. The lecture was
                                                                                                              subsequently published as a famous essay entitled
                                   a democratic constitution. Following the German peoples are the
                                                                                                              ‘Qu’est-ce qu’une nation?’ (‘What is a Nation?’).
                                   peoples of Austria, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, Lombardy, In this essay Renan criticises the notion suggested
                                   Poland, England, Ireland, Hungary and Russia. From the heavens by others that a nation is formed by a common
                                                                                                              language, race, religion, or territory:
                                   above, Christ, saints and angels gaze upon the scene. They have
                                                                                                               ‘A nation is the culmination of a long past of
                                   been used by the artist to symbolise fraternity among the nations of endeavours, sacrifice and devotion. A heroic past,
                                   the world.                                                                  great men, glory, that is the social capital upon
                                                                                                              which one bases a national idea. To have
                                   This chapter will deal with many of the issues visualised by Sorrieu       common glories in the past, to have a common
                                   in Fig. 1. During the nineteenth century, nationalism emerged as a         will in the present, to have performed great deeds
                                                                                                              together, to wish to perform still more, these
                                   force which brought about sweeping changes in the political and
                                                                                                              are the essential conditions of being a people. A
                                   mental world of Europe. The end result of these changes was the            nation is therefore a large-scale solidarity … Its
                                   emergence of the nation-state in place of the multi-national dynastic      existence is a daily plebiscite … A province is its
                                                                                                              inhabitants; if anyone has the right to be
                                   empires of Europe. The concept and practices of a modern state, in
                                                                                                              consulted, it is the inhabitant. A nation never
                                   which a centralised power exercised sovereign control over a clearly       has any real interest in annexing or holding on to
                                   defined territory, had been developing over a long period of time          a country against its will. The existence of nations
                                                                                                              is a good thing, a necessity even. Their existence
                                   in Europe. But a nation-state was one in which the majority of its
                                                                                                              is a guarantee of liberty, which would be lost if
                                   citizens, and not only its rulers, came to develop a sense of common       the world had only one law and only one master.’
                                   identity and shared history or descent. This commonness did not
                                   exist from time immemorial; it was forged through struggles, through                                          Source
                                   the actions of leaders and the common people. This chapter will
                                   look at the diverse processes through which nation-states and
                                                                                                              New words
                                   nationalism came into being in nineteenth-century Europe.
                                                                                                              Plebiscite – A direct vote by which all the
                                                                                                              people of a region are asked to accept or reject
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                              a proposal
                                                                                                               Discuss
                                                                                                              Summarise the attributes of a nation, as Renan
                                                                                                              understands them. Why, in his view, are nations
                                                                                                              important?
                                   4
                                                                                             2018-19


 1 The French Revolution and the Idea of the Nation
The first clear expression of nationalism came with
the French Revolution in 1789. France, as you
would remember, was a full-fledged territorial state
in 1789 under the rule of an absolute monarch.
The political and constitutional changes that came
in the wake of the French Revolution led to the
transfer of sovereignty from the monarchy to a
body of French citizens. The revolution proclaimed
that it was the people who would henceforth
constitute the nation and shape its destiny.
From the very beginning, the French revolutionaries
introduced various measures and practices that
could create a sense of collective identity amongst
the French people. The ideas of la patrie (the
fatherland) and le citoyen (the citizen) emphasised
the notion of a united community enjoying equal rights under a          Fig. 2 — The cover of a German almanac
                                                                        designed by the journalist Andreas Rebmann in
constitution. A new French flag, the tricolour, was chosen to replace   1798.
the former royal standard. The Estates General was elected by the       The image of the French Bastille being stormed
                                                                        by the revolutionary crowd has been placed
body of active citizens and renamed the National Assembly. New          next to a similar fortress meant to represent the
hymns were composed, oaths taken and martyrs commemorated,              bastion of despotic rule in the German province
                                                                        of Kassel. Accompanying the illustration is the
all in the name of the nation. A centralised administrative system      slogan: ‘The people must seize their own
was put in place and it formulated uniform laws for all citizens        freedom!’ Rebmann lived in the city of Mainz
                                                                        and was a member of a German Jacobin group.
within its territory. Internal customs duties and dues were abolished
and a uniform system of weights and measures was adopted.
Regional dialects were discouraged and French, as it was spoken
and written in Paris, became the common language of the nation.
The revolutionaries further declared that it was the mission and the
                                                                                                                            Europe
destiny of the French nation to liberate the peoples of Europe
from despotism, in other words to help other peoples of Europe
to become nations.
                                                                                                                            N a t i o n a l i s m in
When the news of the events in France reached the different cities
of Europe, students and other members of educated middle classes
began setting up Jacobin clubs. Their activities and campaigns
prepared the way for the French armies which moved into Holland,
Belgium, Switzerland and much of Italy in the 1790s. With the
outbreak of the revolutionary wars, the French armies began to
carry the idea of nationalism abroad.
                                                                                                                        5
                                                        2018-19


                                                    ICELAND
                                                  (DENMARK)
                                                   ATLANTIC SEA
                                                                                         NORWAY
                                                                                        (SWEDEN)
                                                                                              SWEDEN
                                                             SCOTLAND
                                                   IRELAND     GREAT
                                                               BRITAIN           DENMARK
                                                                                                                                      RUSSIAN EMPIRE
                                                              WALES              HABOVER
                                                               ENGLAND             (G.B.)
                                                                                          PRUSSIA
                                                                       NETHERLANDS                     POLAND
                                                                                                          GALICIA
                                                                                       BAVARIA
                                                                                              AUSTRIAN EMPIRE
                                                                FRANCE
                                                                          SWITZERLAND      AUSTRIA
                                                                                                       HUNGARY
                                                                                     SMALL                          ROMANIA
                                       POR                                           STATES             SERBIA                                         GEORGIA
                                          TUG      SPAIN                   CORSICA                               BULGARIA
                                             AL                                                                                                ARMENIA
                                                                                                                     OTTOMAN EMPIRE
                                                                                                                                                               SIA
                                                                                           KINGDOM
                                                                            SARDINIA
                                                                                                                                                            PER
                                                                                            OF THE
                                                                                              TWO
                                                                                            SICILIES
                                                                                                           GREECE                                   MESOPOTAMIA
                                                                             TUNIS
                                                             ALGERIA                                              CRETE                        SYRIA
                                        MOROCCO                                                                                CYPRUS
                                                                                                 MEDITERRANEAN SEA
                                                                                                                                        PALESTINE
                                                                                                                              EGYPT                                  Fig. 3 — Europe after the
                                                                                                                                                                     Congress of Vienna, 1815.
                                   Within the wide swathe of territory that came under his control,
                                   Napoleon set about introducing many of the reforms that he had
                                   already introduced in France. Through a return to monarchy
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Napoleon had, no doubt, destroyed democracy in France, but in
                                   the administrative field he had incorporated revolutionary principles
                                   in order to make the whole system more rational and efficient. The
                                   Civil Code of 1804 – usually known as the Napoleonic Code –
                                   did away with all privileges based on birth, established equality
                                   before the law and secured the right to property. This Code was
                                   exported to the regions under French control. In the Dutch Republic,
                                   in Switzerland, in Italy and Germany, Napoleon simplified
                                   administrative divisions, abolished the feudal system and freed
                                   peasants from serfdom and manorial dues. In the towns too, guild
                                   restrictions were removed. Transport and communication systems
                                   were improved. Peasants, artisans, workers and new businessmen
                                   6
                                                                                                                      2018-19


 Fig. 4 — The Planting of Tree of Liberty in Zweibrücken, Germany.
 The subject of this colour print by the German painter Karl Kaspar Fritz is the occupation of the town of Zweibrücken
 by the French armies. French soldiers, recognisable by their blue, white and red uniforms, have been portrayed as
 oppressors as they seize a peasant’s cart (left), harass some young women (centre foreground) and force a peasant
 down to his knees. The plaque being affixed to the Tree of Liberty carries a German inscription which in translation
 reads: ‘Take freedom and equality from us, the model of humanity.’ This is a sarcastic reference to the claim of the
 French as being liberators who opposed monarchy in the territories they entered.
enjoyed a new-found freedom. Businessmen and small-scale
producers of goods, in particular, began to realise that uniform
laws, standardised weights and measures, and a common national
currency would facilitate the movement and exchange of goods
and capital from one region to another.
However, in the areas conquered, the reactions of the local
                                                                                                                                       Europe
populations to French rule were mixed. Initially, in many places such
as Holland and Switzerland, as well as in certain cities like Brussels,
Mainz, Milan and Warsaw, the French armies were welcomed as
                                                                                                                                       N a t i o n a l i s m in
harbingers of liberty. But the initial enthusiasm soon turned to hostility,
as it became clear that the new administrative arrangements did not
go hand in hand with political freedom. Increased taxation,
censorship, forced conscription into the French armies required to
                                                                              Fig. 5 — The courier of Rhineland loses all that
conquer the rest of Europe, all seemed to outweigh the advantages
                                                                              he has on his way home from Leipzig.
of the administrative changes.                                                Napoleon here is represented as a postman on
                                                                              his way back to France after he lost the battle of
                                                                              Leipzig in 1813. Each letter dropping out of his
                                                                              bag bears the names of the territories he lost.
                                                                                                                                   7
                                                             2018-19


                                   2 The Making of Nationalism in Europe
                                   If you look at the map of mid-eighteenth-century Europe you will
                                   find that there were no ‘nation-states’ as we know them today.
                                                                                                           Some important dates
                                   What we know today as Germany, Italy and Switzerland were               1797
                                                                                                           Napoleon invades Italy; Napoleonic wars
                                   divided into kingdoms, duchies and cantons whose rulers had their       begin.
                                   autonomous territories. Eastern and Central Europe were under
                                                                                                           1814-1815
                                   autocratic monarchies within the territories of which lived diverse     Fall of Napoleon; the Vienna Peace
                                   peoples. They did not see themselves as sharing a collective identity   Settlement.
                                   or a common culture. Often, they even spoke different languages         1821
                                   and belonged to different ethnic groups. The Habsburg Empire            Greek struggle for independence begins.
                                   that ruled over Austria-Hungary, for example, was a patchwork of        1848
                                   many different regions and peoples. It included the Alpine regions      Revolutions in Europe; artisans, industrial
                                                                                                           workers and peasants revolt against
                                   – the Tyrol, Austria and the Sudetenland – as well as Bohemia,          economic hardships; middle classes
                                   where the aristocracy was predominantly German-speaking. It also        demand constitutions and representative
                                                                                                           governments; Italians, Germans, Magyars,
                                   included the Italian-speaking provinces of Lombardy and Venetia.        Poles, Czechs, etc. demand nation-states.
                                   In Hungary, half of the population spoke Magyar while the other
                                                                                                           1859-1870
                                   half spoke a variety of dialects. In Galicia, the aristocracy spoke     Unification of Italy.
                                   Polish. Besides these three dominant groups, there also lived within
                                                                                                           1866-1871
                                   the boundaries of the empire, a mass of subject peasant peoples –       Unification of Germany.
                                   Bohemians and Slovaks to the north, Slovenes in Carniola, Croats
                                                                                                           1905
                                   to the south, and Roumans to the east in Transylvania. Such
                                                                                                           Slav nationalism gathers force in the
                                   differences did not easily promote a sense of political unity. The      Habsburg and Ottoman Empires.
                                   only tie binding these diverse groups together was a common
                                   allegiance to the emperor.
                                   How did nationalism and the idea of the nation-state emerge?
                                   2.1 The Aristocracy and the New Middle Class
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Socially and politically, a landed aristocracy was the dominant class
                                   on the continent. The members of this class were united by a
                                   common way of life that cut across regional divisions. They owned
                                   estates in the countryside and also town-houses. They spoke French
                                   for purposes of diplomacy and in high society. Their families were
                                   often connected by ties of marriage. This powerful aristocracy was,
                                   however, numerically a small group. The majority of the population
                                   was made up of the peasantry. To the west, the bulk of the land
                                   was farmed by tenants and small owners, while in Eastern and
                                   Central Europe the pattern of landholding was characterised by
                                   vast estates which were cultivated by serfs.
                                   8
                                                                                            2018-19


In Western and parts of Central Europe the growth of industrial
production and trade meant the growth of towns and the emergence
of commercial classes whose existence was based on production
for the market. Industrialisation began in England in the second
half of the eighteenth century, but in France and parts of the German
states it occurred only during the nineteenth century. In its wake,
new social groups came into being: a working-class population, and
middle classes made up of industrialists, businessmen, professionals.
In Central and Eastern Europe these groups were smaller in number
till late nineteenth century. It was among the educated, liberal middle
classes that ideas of national unity following the abolition of
aristocratic privileges gained popularity.
2.2 What did Liberal Nationalism Stand for?
Ideas of national unity in early-nineteenth-century Europe were closely
allied to the ideology of liberalism. The term ‘liberalism’ derives
from the Latin root liber, meaning free. For the new middle classes
liberalism stood for freedom for the individual and equality of all
before the law. Politically, it emphasised the concept of government
by consent. Since the French Revolution, liberalism had stood for
the end of autocracy and clerical privileges, a constitution and
representative government through parliament. Nineteenth-century
liberals also stressed the inviolability of private property.
Yet, equality before the law did not necessarily stand for universal
                                                                          New words
suffrage. You will recall that in revolutionary France, which marked
the first political experiment in liberal democracy, the right to vote    Suffrage – The right to vote
and to get elected was granted exclusively to property-owning men.
Men without property and all women were excluded from political
rights. Only for a brief period under the Jacobins did all adult males
                                                                                                             Europe
enjoy suffrage. However, the Napoleonic Code went back to limited
suffrage and reduced women to the status of a minor, subject to
the authority of fathers and husbands. Throughout the nineteenth
                                                                                                             N a t i o n a l i s m in
and early twentieth centuries women and non-propertied men
organised opposition movements demanding equal political rights.
In the economic sphere, liberalism stood for the freedom of markets
and the abolition of state-imposed restrictions on the movement
of goods and capital. During the nineteenth century this was a strong
demand of the emerging middle classes. Let us take the example of
the German-speaking regions in the first half of the nineteenth
century. Napoleon’s administrative measures had created out of
                                                                                                         9
                                                          2018-19


                                   countless small principalities a confederation of 39 states. Each of Source B
                                   these possessed its own currency, and weights and measures. A
                                                                                                         Economists began to think in terms of the national
                                   merchant travelling in 1833 from Hamburg to Nuremberg to sell         economy. They talked of how the nation could
                                   his goods would have had to pass through 11 customs barriers and      develop and what economic measures could help
                                   pay a customs duty of about 5 per cent at each one of them. Duties    forge this nation together.
                                   were often levied according to the weight or measurement of the       Friedrich List, Professor of Economics at the
                                                                                                         University of Tübingen in Germany, wrote in 1834:
                                   goods. As each region had its own system of weights and measures,
                                                                                                         ‘The aim of the zollverein is to bind the Germans
                                   this involved time-consuming calculation. The measure of cloth,       economically into a nation. It will strengthen the
                                   for example, was the elle which in each region stood for a different  nation materially as much by protecting its
                                   length. An elle of textile material bought in Frankfurt would get you interests externally as by stimulating its internal
                                                                                                         productivity. It ought to awaken and raise
                                   54.7 cm of cloth, in Mainz 55.1 cm, in Nuremberg 65.6 cm, in          national sentiment through a fusion of individual
                                   Freiburg 53.5 cm.                                                     and provincial interests. The German people have
                                                                                                                realised that a free economic system is the only
                                   Such conditions were viewed as obstacles to economic exchange                means to engender national feeling.’
                                   and growth by the new commercial classes, who argued for the
                                   creation of a unified economic territory allowing the unhindered
                                                                                                                                                 Source
                                   movement of goods, people and capital. In 1834, a customs union
                                   or zollverein was formed at the initiative of Prussia and joined by          Discuss
                                   most of the German states. The union abolished tariff barriers and
                                                                                                                Describe the political ends that List hopes to
                                   reduced the number of currencies from over thirty to two. The
                                                                                                                achieve through economic measures.
                                   creation of a network of railways further stimulated mobility,
                                   harnessing economic interests to national unification. A wave of
                                   economic nationalism strengthened the wider nationalist sentiments
                                   growing at the time.
                                   2.3 A New Conservatism after 1815                                            New words
                                   Following the defeat of Napoleon in 1815, European governments               Conservatism – A political philosophy that
                                   were driven by a spirit of conservatism. Conservatives believed              stressed the importance of tradition, established
                                   that established, traditional institutions of state and society – like the   institutions and customs, and preferred gradual
                                   monarchy, the Church, social hierarchies, property and the family –          development to quick change
India and the Contemporary World
                                   should be preserved. Most conservatives, however, did not propose
                                   a return to the society of pre-revolutionary days. Rather, they realised,
                                   from the changes initiated by Napoleon, that modernisation could
                                   in fact strengthen traditional institutions like the monarchy. It could
                                   make state power more effective and strong. A modern army, an
                                   efficient bureaucracy, a dynamic economy, the abolition of feudalism
                                   and serfdom could strengthen the autocratic monarchies of Europe.
                                   In 1815, representatives of the European powers – Britain, Russia,
                                   Prussia and Austria – who had collectively defeated Napoleon, met
                                   at Vienna to draw up a settlement for Europe. The Congress was
                                   hosted by the Austrian Chancellor Duke Metternich. The delegates
                                   10
                                                                                                2018-19


drew up the Treaty of Vienna of 1815 with the object of undoing
most of the changes that had come about in Europe during the
Napoleonic wars. The Bourbon dynasty, which had been deposed
during the French Revolution, was restored to power, and France
lost the territories it had annexed under Napoleon. A series of states
were set up on the boundaries of France to prevent French expansion
in future. Thus the kingdom of the Netherlands, which included
Belgium, was set up in the north and Genoa was added to Piedmont
in the south. Prussia was given important new territories on its western
frontiers, while Austria was given control of northern Italy. But the      Activity
German confederation of 39 states that had been set up by Napoleon
                                                                           Plot on a map of Europe the changes drawn
was left untouched. In the east, Russia was given part of Poland
                                                                           up by the Vienna Congress.
while Prussia was given a portion of Saxony. The main intention
was to restore the monarchies that had been overthrown by
Napoleon, and create a new conservative order in Europe.
Conservative regimes set up in 1815 were autocratic. They did not
tolerate criticism and dissent, and sought to curb activities that
questioned the legitimacy of autocratic governments. Most of them          Discuss
imposed censorship laws to control what was said in newspapers,
                                                                           What is the caricaturist trying to depict?
books, plays and songs and reflected the ideas of liberty and freedom
                                                                                                                             Europe
Fig. 6 — The Club of Thinkers, anonymous caricature dating to c. 1820.                                                       N a t i o n a l i s m in
The plaque on the left bears the inscription: ‘The most important question of today’s meeting: How
long will thinking be allowed to us?’
The board on the right lists the rules of the Club which include the following:
‘1. Silence is the first commandment of this learned society.
2. To avoid the eventuality whereby a member of this club may succumb to the temptation of
speech, muzzles will be distributed to members upon entering.’
                                                                                                                        11
                                                           2018-19


                                   associated with the French Revolution. The memory of the French
                                   Revolution nonetheless continued to inspire liberals. One of the major
                                   issues taken up by the liberal-nationalists, who criticised the new
                                   conservative order, was freedom of the press.
                                   2.4 The Revolutionaries
                                   During the years following 1815, the fear of repression drove many
                                   liberal-nationalists underground. Secret societies sprang up in many
                                   European states to train revolutionaries and spread their ideas. To
                                   be revolutionary at this time meant a commitment to oppose
                                   monarchical forms that had been established after the Vienna
                                   Congress, and to fight for liberty and freedom. Most of these
                                   revolutionaries also saw the creation of nation-states as a necessary
                                   part of this struggle for freedom.
                                   One such individual was the Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Mazzini.
                                   Born in Genoa in 1807, he became a member of the secret society
                                   of the Carbonari. As a young man of 24, he was sent into exile in
                                   1831 for attempting a revolution in Liguria. He subsequently founded
                                   two more underground societies, first, Young Italy in Marseilles,
                                   and then, Young Europe in Berne, whose members were like-minded
                                   young men from Poland, France, Italy and the German states.
                                   Mazzini believed that God had intended nations to be the natural
                                   units of mankind. So Italy could not continue to be a patchwork of
                                   small states and kingdoms. It had to be forged into a single unified
                                   republic within a wider alliance of nations. This unification alone
                                   could be the basis of Italian liberty. Following his model, secret
                                   societies were set up in Germany, France, Switzerland and Poland.
                                   Mazzini’s relentless opposition to monarchy and his vision of
                                                                                                            Fig. 7 — Giuseppe Mazzini and the founding of
India and the Contemporary World
                                   democratic republics frightened the conservatives. Metternich            Young Europe in Berne 1833.
                                   described him as ‘the most dangerous enemy of our social order’.         Print by Giacomo Mantegazza.
                                   12
                                                                                            2018-19


 3 The Age of Revolutions: 1830-1848
As conservative regimes tried to consolidate their power, liberalism
and nationalism came to be increasingly associated with revolution
in many regions of Europe such as the Italian and German states,
the provinces of the Ottoman Empire, Ireland and Poland. These
revolutions were led by the liberal-nationalists belonging to the
educated middle-class elite, among whom were professors, school-
teachers, clerks and members of the commercial middle classes.
The first upheaval took place in France in July 1830. The Bourbon
kings who had been restored to power during the conservative
reaction after 1815, were now overthrown by liberal revolutionaries
who installed a constitutional monarchy with Louis Philippe at its
head. ‘When France sneezes,’ Metternich once remarked, ‘the rest of
Europe catches cold.’ The July Revolution sparked an uprising in
Brussels which led to Belgium breaking away from the United
Kingdom of the Netherlands.
An event that mobilised nationalist feelings among the educated elite
across Europe was the Greek war of independence. Greece had
been part of the Ottoman Empire since the fifteenth century. The
growth of revolutionary nationalism in Europe sparked off a struggle
for independence amongst the Greeks which began in 1821.
Nationalists in Greece got support from other Greeks living in exile
and also from many West Europeans who had sympathies for ancient
Greek culture. Poets and artists lauded Greece as the cradle of
European civilisation and mobilised public opinion to support its
struggle against a Muslim empire. The English poet Lord Byron
organised funds and later went to fight in the war, where he died of
fever in 1824. Finally, the Treaty of Constantinople of 1832
                                                                              Europe
recognised Greece as an independent nation.
3.1 The Romantic Imagination and National Feeling
                                                                              N a t i o n a l i s m in
The development of nationalism did not come about only through
wars and territorial expansion. Culture played an important role in
creating the idea of the nation: art and poetry, stories and music
helped express and shape nationalist feelings.
Let us look at Romanticism, a cultural movement which sought to
develop a particular form of nationalist sentiment. Romantic artists
and poets generally criticised the glorification of reason and science
                                                                         13
                                                         2018-19


                                    Fig. 8 — The Massacre at Chios, Eugene Delacroix, 1824.
                                    The French painter Delacroix was one of the most important French Romantic
                                    painters. This huge painting (4.19m x 3.54m) depicts an incident in which
                                    20,000 Greeks were said to have been killed by Turks on the island of Chios. By
                                    dramatising the incident, focusing on the suffering of women and children, and
India and the Contemporary World
                                    using vivid colours, Delacroix sought to appeal to the emotions of the spectators,
                                    and create sympathy for the Greeks.
                                   and focused instead on emotions, intuition and mystical feelings.
                                   Their effort was to create a sense of a shared collective heritage, a
                                   common cultural past, as the basis of a nation.
                                   Other Romantics such as the German philosopher Johann Gottfried
                                   Herder (1744-1803) claimed that true German culture was to be
                                   discovered among the common people – das volk. It was through
                                   folk songs, folk poetry and folk dances that the true spirit of the
                                   nation (volksgeist) was popularised. So collecting and recording these
                                   forms of folk culture was essential to the project of nation-building.
                                   14
                                                                                             2018-19


The emphasis on vernacular language and the collection of local            Box 1
folklore was not just to recover an ancient national spirit, but also to
carry the modern nationalist message to large audiences who were            The Grimm Brothers: Folktales and
                                                                            Nation-building
mostly illiterate. This was especially so in the case of Poland, which
                                                                            Grimms’ Fairy Tales is a familiar name. The brothers
had been partitioned at the end of the eighteenth century by the            Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm were born in the
Great Powers – Russia, Prussia and Austria. Even though Poland no           German city of Hanau in 1785 and 1786
longer existed as an independent territory, national feelings were kept     respectively. While both of them studied law,
                                                                            they soon developed an interest in collecting old
alive through music and language. Karol Kurpinski, for example,             folktales. They spent six years travelling from
celebrated the national struggle through his operas and music, turning      village to village, talking to people and writing
folk dances like the polonaise and mazurka into nationalist symbols.        down fairy tales, which were handed down
                                                                            through the generations. These were popular
Language too played an important role in developing nationalist             both among children and adults. In 1812, they
                                                                            published their first collection of tales.
sentiments. After Russian occupation, the Polish language was forced        Subsequently, both the brothers became active
out of schools and the Russian language was imposed everywhere.             in liberal politics, especially the movement
In 1831, an armed rebellion against Russian rule took place which           for freedom of the press. In the meantime they
                                                                            also published a 33-volume dictionary of the
was ultimately crushed. Following this, many members of the clergy          German language.
in Poland began to use language as a weapon of national resistance.         The Grimm brothers also saw French domination
Polish was used for Church gatherings and all religious instruction.        as a threat to German culture, and believed that
As a result, a large number of priests and bishops were put in jail or      the folktales they had collected were expressions
                                                                            of a pure and authentic German spirit. They
sent to Siberia by the Russian authorities as punishment for their          considered their projects of collecting folktales
refusal to preach in Russian. The use of Polish came to be seen as a        and developing the German language as part of
symbol of the struggle against Russian dominance.                           the wider effort to oppose French domination
                                                                            and create a German national identity.
3.2 Hunger, Hardship and Popular Revolt
The 1830s were years of great economic hardship in Europe. The
first half of the nineteenth century saw an enormous increase in            Discuss
population all over Europe. In most countries there were more               Discuss the importance of language and
seekers of jobs than employment. Population from rural areas                popular traditions in the creation of national
migrated to the cities to live in overcrowded slums. Small producers        identity.
in towns were often faced with stiff competition from imports of
                                                                                                                                   Europe
cheap machine-made goods from England, where industrialisation
was more advanced than on the continent. This was especially so in
textile production, which was carried out mainly in homes or small
                                                                                                                                   N a t i o n a l i s m in
workshops and was only partly mechanised. In those regions of
Europe where the aristocracy still enjoyed power, peasants struggled
under the burden of feudal dues and obligations. The rise of food
prices or a year of bad harvest led to widespread pauperism in
town and country.
The year 1848 was one such year. Food shortages and widespread
unemployment brought the population of Paris out on the roads.
Barricades were erected and Louis Philippe was forced to flee. A
                                                                                                                              15
                                                           2018-19


                                        Fig. 9 — Peasants’ uprising, 1848.
                                   National Assembly proclaimed a Republic, granted suffrage to all
                                   adult males above 21, and guaranteed the right to work. National
                                   workshops to provide employment were set up.
                                   Earlier, in 1845, weavers in Silesia had led a revolt against contractors
                                   who supplied them raw material and gave them orders for finished
                                   textiles but drastically reduced their payments. The journalist Wilhelm
                                   Wolff described the events in a Silesian village as follows:
                                         In these villages (with 18,000 inhabitants) cotton weaving is the
                                         most widespread occupation … The misery of the workers is
                                         extreme. The desperate need for jobs has been taken advantage
                                         of by the contractors to reduce the prices of the goods they
                                         order …
India and the Contemporary World
                                         On 4 June at 2 p.m. a large crowd of weavers emerged from
                                         their homes and marched in pairs up to the mansion of their
                                         contractor demanding higher wages. They were treated with
                                                                                                               Discuss
                                         scorn and threats alternately. Following this, a group of them        Describe the cause of the Silesian weavers’
                                         forced their way into the house, smashed its elegant window-          uprising. Comment on the viewpoint of the
                                         panes, furniture, porcelain … another group broke into the            journalist.
                                         storehouse and plundered it of supplies of cloth which they
                                         tore to shreds … The contractor fled with his family to a             Activity
                                         neighbouring village which, however, refused to shelter such a
                                                                                                               Imagine you are a weaver who saw the events
                                         person. He returned 24 hours later having requisitioned the army.
                                                                                                               as they unfolded. Write a report on what you saw.
                                         In the exchange that followed, eleven weavers were shot.
                                   16
                                                                                               2018-19


3.3 1848: The Revolution of the Liberals
Parallel to the revolts of the poor, unemployed and starving peasants       Source C
and workers in many European countries in the year 1848, a revolution
                                                                             How were liberty and equality for women
led by the educated middle classes was under way. Events of February
                                                                             to be defined?
1848 in France had brought about the abdication of the monarch
                                                                             The liberal politician Carl Welcker, an elected
and a republic based on universal male suffrage had been proclaimed.         member of the Frankfurt Parliament, expressed
In other parts of Europe where independent nation-states did not             the following views:
yet exist – such as Germany, Italy, Poland, the Austro-Hungarian             ‘Nature has created men and women to carry
                                                                             out different functions … Man, the stronger, the
Empire – men and women of the liberal middle classes combined
                                                                             bolder and freer of the two, has been designated
their demands for constitutionalism with national unification. They          as protector of the family, its provider, meant for
took advantage of the growing popular unrest to push their                   public tasks in the domain of law, production,
                                                                             defence. Woman, the weaker, dependent and
demands for the creation of a nation-state on parliamentary
                                                                             timid, requires the protection of man. Her sphere
principles – a constitution, freedom of the press and freedom                is the home, the care of the children, the
of association.                                                              nurturing of the family … Do we require any
                                                                             further proof that given such differences, equality
In the German regions a large number of political associations whose         between the sexes would only endanger
                                                                             harmony and destroy the dignity of the family?’
members were middle-class professionals, businessmen and
                                                                             Louise Otto-Peters (1819-95) was a political
prosperous artisans came together in the city of Frankfurt and decided
                                                                             activist who founded a women’s journal and
to vote for an all-German National Assembly. On 18 May 1848,                 subsequently a feminist political association. The
831 elected representatives marched in a festive procession to take          first issue of her newspaper (21 April 1849) carried
                                                                             the following editorial:
their places in the Frankfurt parliament convened in the Church of
                                                                             ‘Let us ask how many men, possessed by
St Paul. They drafted a constitution for a German nation to be
                                                                             thoughts of living and dying for the sake of Liberty,
headed by a monarchy subject to a parliament. When the deputies              would be prepared to fight for the freedom of
offered the crown on these terms to Friedrich Wilhelm IV, King of            the entire people, of all human beings? When
                                                                             asked this question, they would all too easily
Prussia, he rejected it and joined other monarchs to oppose the
                                                                             respond with a “Yes!”, though their untiring
elected assembly. While the opposition of the aristocracy and military       efforts are intended for the benefit of only one
became stronger, the social basis of parliament eroded. The                  half of humanity – men. But Liberty is indivisible!
                                                                             Free men therefore must not tolerate to be
parliament was dominated by the middle classes who resisted the
                                                                             surrounded by the unfree …’
demands of workers and artisans and consequently lost their support.
                                                                             An anonymous reader of the same newspaper
In the end troops were called in and the assembly was forced                 sent the following letter to the editor on 25 June
                                                                             1850:
                                                                                                                                     Europe
to disband.
                                                                             ‘It is indeed ridiculous and unreasonable to deny
The issue of extending political rights to women was a controversial         women political rights even though they enjoy
one within the liberal movement, in which large numbers of women             the right to property which they make use
                                                                                                                                     N a t i o n a l i s m in
                                                                             of. They perform functions and assume
had participated actively over the years. Women had formed their
                                                                             responsibilities without however getting the
own political associations, founded newspapers and taken part in             benefits that accrue to men for the same … Why
political meetings and demonstrations. Despite this they were denied         this injustice? Is it not a disgrace that even the
                                                                             stupidest cattle-herder possesses the right
                                                                             to vote, simply because he is a man, whereas
 New words                                                                   highly talented women owning considerable
                                                                             property are excluded from this right, even
 Feminist – Awareness of women’s rights and interests based on               though they contribute so much to the
 the belief of the social, economic and political equality of the genders    maintenance of the state?’
                                                                                                             Source
                                                                                                                                17
                                                              2018-19


                                   Fig. 10 — The Frankfurt parliament in the Church of St Paul.
                                   Contemporary colour print. Notice the women in the upper left gallery.
                                   suffrage rights during the election of the Assembly. When the
                                   Frankfurt parliament convened in the Church of St Paul, women
                                                                                                             Discuss
                                   were admitted only as observers to stand in the visitors’ gallery.        Compare the positions on the question of
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                             women’s rights voiced by the three writers cited
                                   Though conservative forces were able to suppress liberal movements
                                                                                                             above. What do they reveal about liberal
                                   in 1848, they could not restore the old order. Monarchs were              ideology?
                                   beginning to realise that the cycles of revolution and repression could
                                   only be ended by granting concessions to the liberal-nationalist
                                   revolutionaries. Hence, in the years after 1848, the autocratic           New words
                                   monarchies of Central and Eastern Europe began to introduce the           Ideology – System of ideas reflecting a
                                   changes that had already taken place in Western Europe before 1815.       particular social and political vision
                                   Thus serfdom and bonded labour were abolished both in the
                                   Habsburg dominions and in Russia. The Habsburg rulers granted
                                   more autonomy to the Hungarians in 1867.
                                   18
                                                                                             2018-19


 4 The Making of Germany and Italy
4.1 Germany – Can the Army be the Architect of a Nation?
After 1848, nationalism in Europe moved away from its association
with democracy and revolution. Nationalist sentiments were often
mobilised by conservatives for promoting state power and achieving
political domination over Europe.
This can be observed in the process by which Germany and Italy came
to be unified as nation-states. As you have seen, nationalist feelings were
widespread among middle-class Germans, who in 1848 tried to unite
the different regions of the German confederation into a nation-state
governed by an elected parliament. This liberal initiative to nation-building
was, however, repressed by the combined forces of the monarchy and
the military, supported by the large landowners (called Junkers) of Prussia.
From then on, Prussia took on the leadership of the movement for
national unification. Its chief minister, Otto von
Bismarck, was the architect of this process carried
out with the help of the Prussian army and
bureaucracy. Three wars over seven years – with
Austria, Denmark and France – ended in Prussian
victory and completed the process of unification.
In January 1871, the Prussian king, William I,
was proclaimed German Emperor in a ceremony
held at Versailles.
On the bitterly cold morning of 18 January 1871,
an assembly comprising the princes of the
German states, representatives of the army,
important Prussian ministers including the chief
minister Otto von Bismarck gathered in the
unheated Hall of Mirrors in the Palace of Versailles                                                                             Europe
to proclaim the new German Empire headed
                                                                                                                                 N a t i o n a l i s m in
by Kaiser William I of Prussia.
The nation-building process in Germany had
demonstrated the dominance of Prussian state
power. The new state placed a strong emphasis
                                                            Fig. 11 — The proclamation of the German empire in the Hall of
on modernising the currency, banking, legal                 Mirrors at Versailles, Anton von Werner. At the centre stands the
and judicial systems in Germany. Prussian                   Kaiser and the chief commander of the Prussian army, General von
                                                            Roon. Near them is Bismarck. This monumental work (2.7m x
measures and practices often became a model for             2.7m) was completed and presented by the artist to Bismarck on
the rest of Germany.                                        the latter’s 70th birthday in 1885.
                                                                                                                            19
                                                               2018-19


                                                                                                                                    BALTIC SEA
                                           NORTH SEA
                                                                         SCHLESWIG-
                                                                          HOLSTEIN                                                                          EAST PRUSSIA
                                                                                     MECKLENBURG-           POMERANIA
                                                                                       SCHWERIN                                      WEST PRUSSIA
                                                                       HANOVER
                                                                                                                          IA
                                                                                              BRANDENBURG            SS
                                                                                                                 U
                                                                        BRUNSWICK                           PR
                                                                                                                               POSEN
                                                    WESTPHALIA
                                                                                                                                                              RUSSIAN
                                                                                                                                                              EMPIRE
                                                                   A
                                                                 SS
                                        RHINELAND              NA
                                                          EN              THURINGIAN                                      SILESIA
                                                       ESS                  STATES
                                                      H
                                                                                                                                       Prussia before 1866
                                                               RG
                                                             BE                                       AUSTRIAN                         Conquered by Prussia in Austro-Prussia
                                                           EM                                          EMPIRE                          War, 1866
                                                         TT
                                                       UR                                                                              Austrian territories excluded from German
                                                      W                                                                                Confederation 1867
                                           BA                                                                                          Joined with Prussia to form German
                                             DE                                                                                        Confederation, 1867
                                               N                             BAVARIA
                                                                                                                                       South German states joining with Prussia to
                                                                                                                                       form German Empire, 1871
                                                                                                                                       Won by Prussia in Franco-Prussia War, 1871
                                   Fig. 12 — Unification of Germany (1866-71).
                                   4.2 Italy Unified
                                   Like Germany, Italy too had a long history of political fragmentation.
                                   Italians were scattered over several dynastic states as well as the
                                   multi-national Habsburg Empire. During the middle of the
                                   nineteenth century, Italy was divided into seven states, of which
                                   only one, Sardinia-Piedmont, was ruled by an Italian princely house.
                                   The north was under Austrian Habsburgs, the centre was ruled by
                                   the Pope and the southern regions were under the domination
                                   of the Bourbon kings of Spain. Even the Italian language had
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                                        Fig. 13 — Caricature of Otto von Bismarck in
                                   not acquired one common form and still had many regional and                                         the German reichstag (parliament), from Figaro,
                                   local variations.                                                                                    Vienna, 5 March 1870.
                                   During the 1830s, Giuseppe Mazzini had sought to put together a
                                   coherent programme for a unitary Italian Republic. He had also                                        Activity
                                   formed a secret society called Young Italy for the dissemination of                                   Describe the caricature. How does it represent
                                   his goals. The failure of revolutionary uprisings both in 1831 and                                    the relationship between Bismarck and the
                                   1848 meant that the mantle now fell on Sardinia-Piedmont under                                        elected deputies of Parliament? What
                                   its ruler King Victor Emmanuel II to unify the Italian states through                                 interpretation of democratic processes is the
                                   war. In the eyes of the ruling elites of this region, a unified                                       artist trying to convey?
                                   Italy offered them the possibility of economic development and
                                   political dominance.
                                   20
                                                                                                            2018-19


Chief Minister Cavour who led the movement to unify the regions
of Italy was neither a revolutionary nor a democrat. Like many               Activity
other wealthy and educated members of the Italian elite, he spoke            Look at Fig. 14(a). Do you think that the people
French much better than he did Italian. Through a tactful diplomatic         living in any of these regions thought of
alliance with France engineered by Cavour, Sardinia-Piedmont                 themselves as Italians?
succeeded in defeating the Austrian forces in 1859. Apart from regular       Examine Fig. 14(b). Which was the first region
troops, a large number of armed volunteers under the leadership of           to become a part of unified Italy? Which was the
Giuseppe Garibaldi joined the fray. In 1860, they marched into South         last region to join? In which year did the largest
Italy and the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and succeeded in winning           number of states join?
the support of the local peasants in order to drive out the Spanish
rulers. In 1861 Victor Emmanuel II was proclaimed king of united
Italy. However, much of the Italian population, among whom rates
of illiteracy were very high, remained blissfully unaware of liberal-
nationalist ideology. The peasant masses who had supported Garibaldi
in southern Italy had never heard of Italia, and believed that ‘La Talia’
was Victor Emmanuel’s wife!
     SWITZERLAND
                                                                              SWITZERLAND
                  LOMBARDY     VENETIA
        SAVOY                                                                                             1866
       SARDINIA     PARMA                                                                                        AUSTRIA
                      MODENA                                                      1858
                                         SAN MARINO
       MONACO                                                                                   1858-60
                        TUSCANY
                                    PAPAL
                                    STATE
                                                                                                          1870
                                                                                                                 1860
                                                      KINGDOM
                                                      OF BOTH                            1858
                                                       SICILIES
                                                                                                                                     Europe
                                                                                  TUNIS
                                                                                                                                     N a t i o n a l i s m in
                                                                            Fig. 14(b) — Italy after unification.
            TUNIS
                                                                            The map shows the year in which different
                                                                            regions (seen in Fig 14(a) become part of a
Fig. 14(a) — Italian states before unification, 1858.                       unified Italy.
4.3 The Strange Case of Britain
The model of the nation or the nation-state, some scholars have
argued, is Great Britain. In Britain the formation of the nation-state
                                                                                                                                21
                                                                  2018-19


                                   was not the result of a sudden upheaval or revolution. It was the Box 2
                                   result of a long-drawn-out process. There was no British nation
                                   prior to the eighteenth century. The primary identities of the people    Giuseppe Garibaldi (1807-82) is perhaps the
                                                                                                            most celebrated of Italian freedom fighters. He
                                   who inhabited the British Isles were ethnic ones – such as English,      came from a family engaged in coastal trade and
                                   Welsh, Scot or Irish. All of these ethnic groups had their own cultural  was a sailor in the merchant navy. In 1833 he
                                   and political traditions. But as the English nation steadily grew in     met Mazzini, joined the Young Italy movement
                                                                                                            and participated in a republican uprising in
                                   wealth, importance and power, it was able to extend its influence        Piedmont in 1834. The uprising was suppressed
                                   over the other nations of the islands. The English parliament, which     and Garibaldi had to flee to South America, where
                                   had seized power from the monarchy in 1688 at the end of a               he lived in exile till 1848. In 1854, he supported
                                                                                                            Victor Emmanuel II in his efforts to unify the
                                   protracted conflict, was the instrument through which a nation-state,    Italian states. In 1860, Garibaldi led the famous
                                   with England at its centre, came to be forged. The Act of Union          Expedition of the Thousand to South Italy. Fresh
                                   (1707) between England and Scotland that resulted in the formation       volunteers kept joining through the course of
                                                                                                            the campaign, till their numbers grew to about
                                   of the ‘United Kingdom of Great Britain’ meant, in effect, that          30,000. They were popularly known as Red
                                   England was able to impose its influence on Scotland. The British        Shirts.
                                   parliament was henceforth dominated by its English members. The          In 1867, Garibaldi led an army of volunteers to
                                   growth of a British identity meant that Scotland’s distinctive culture   Rome to fight the last obstacle to the unification
                                                                                                            of Italy, the Papal States where a French garrison
                                   and political institutions were systematically suppressed. The Catholic  was stationed. The Red Shirts proved to be no
                                   clans that inhabited the Scottish Highlands suffered terrible repression match for the combined French and Papal troops.
                                   whenever they attempted to assert their independence. The Scottish       It was only in 1870 when, during the war with
                                                                                                            Prussia, France withdrew its troops from Rome
                                   Highlanders were forbidden to speak their Gaelic language or             that the Papal States were finally joined
                                   wear their national dress, and large numbers were forcibly driven        to Italy.
                                   out of their homeland.
                                   Ireland suffered a similar fate. It was a country deeply divided
                                   between Catholics and Protestants. The English helped the Protestants
                                   of Ireland to establish their dominance over a largely Catholic country.
                                   Catholic revolts against British dominance were suppressed. After a
                                   failed revolt led by Wolfe Tone and his United Irishmen (1798),
                                   Ireland was forcibly incorporated into the United Kingdom in 1801.
                                   A new ‘British nation’ was forged through the propagation of a
India and the Contemporary World
                                   dominant English culture. The symbols of the new Britain – the
                                   British flag (Union Jack), the national anthem (God Save Our Noble
                                   King), the English language – were actively promoted and the older
                                   nations survived only as subordinate partners in this union.               Fig. 15 – Garibaldi helping King Victor
                                                                                                              Emmanuel II of Sardinia-Piedmont to pull on the
                                                                                                              boot named ‘Italy’. English caricature of 1859.
                                     Activity
                                     The artist has portrayed Garibaldi as holding on to the base of
                                                                                                              New words
                                     the boot, so that the King of Sardinia-Piedmont can enter it from
                                     the top. Look at the map of Italy once more. What statement is           Ethnic – Relates to a common racial, tribal, or
                                     this caricature making?                                                  cultural origin or background that a community
                                                                                                              identifies with or claims
                                   22
                                                                                              2018-19


5 Visualising the Nation
While it is easy enough to represent a ruler through a portrait or a
statue, how does one go about giving a face to a nation? Artists in
the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries found a way out by
personifying a nation. In other words they represented a country as
if it were a person. Nations were then portrayed as female figures.
The female form that was chosen to personify the nation did not
stand for any particular woman in real life; rather it sought to give
the abstract idea of the nation a concrete form. That is, the female
figure became an allegory of the nation.
You will recall that during the French Revolution artists used the
female allegory to portray ideas such as Liberty, Justice and the        Fig. 16 — Postage stamps of 1850 with the
                                                                         figure of Marianne representing the Republic of
Republic. These ideals were represented through specific objects or      France.
symbols. As you would remember, the attributes of Liberty are the
red cap, or the broken chain, while Justice is generally a blindfolded
woman carrying a pair of weighing scales.
Similar female allegories were invented by artists in the nineteenth
century to represent the nation. In France she was christened
Marianne, a popular Christian name, which underlined the idea of a
people’s nation. Her characteristics were drawn from those of Liberty
and the Republic – the red cap, the tricolour, the cockade. Statues
of Marianne were erected in public squares to remind the public of
the national symbol of unity and to persuade them to identify with
it. Marianne images were marked on coins and stamps.
Similarly, Germania became the allegory of the German nation. In
visual representations, Germania wears a crown of oak leaves, as
the German oak stands for heroism.
 New words                                                                                                                      Europe
                                                                                                                                N a t i o n a l i s m in
 Allegory – When an abstract idea (for instance, greed, envy,
 freedom, liberty) is expressed through a person or a thing. An
 allegorical story has two meanings, one literal and one symbolic
                                                                         Fig. 17 — Germania, Philip Veit, 1848.
                                                                         The artist prepared this painting of Germania on a
                                                                         cotton banner, as it was meant to hang from the
                                                                         ceiling of the Church of St Paul where the Frankfurt
                                                                         parliament was convened in March 1848.
                                                                                                                           23
                                                         2018-19


                                   Box 3
                                        Meanings of the symbols
                                        Attribute                                     Significance
                                        Broken chains                                 Being freed
                                        Breastplate with eagle                        Symbol of the German empire – strength
                                        Crown of oak leaves                           Heroism
                                        Sword                                         Readiness to fight
                                        Olive branch around the sword                 Willingness to make peace
                                        Black, red and gold tricolour                 Flag of the liberal-nationalists in 1848, banned by the Dukes of the
                                                                                      German states
                                        Rays of the rising sun                        Beginning of a new era
                                    Activity
                                    With the help of the chart in Box 3, identify the attributes of Veit’s
                                    Germania and interpret the symbolic meaning of the painting.
                                    In an earlier allegorical rendering of 1836, Veit had portrayed the
                                    Kaiser’s crown at the place where he has now located the
                                    broken chain. Explain the significance of this change.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Fig. 18 — The fallen Germania, Julius Hübner, 1850.
                                    Activity
                                    Describe what you see in Fig. 17. What historical events could Hübner be
                                    referring to in this allegorical vision of the nation?
                                   24
                                                                                                 2018-19


Fig. 19 — Germania guarding the Rhine.
In 1860, the artist Lorenz Clasen was commissioned to paint this image. The inscription
on Germania’s sword reads: ‘The German sword protects the German Rhine.’
Activity
                                                                                                                    Europe
Look once more at Fig. 10. Imagine you were a citizen of Frankfurt in March 1848 and were present during the
proceedings of the parliament. How would you (a) as a man seated in the hall of deputies, and (b) as a woman
                                                                                                                    N a t i o n a l i s m in
observing from the galleries, relate to the banner of Germania hanging from the ceiling?
                                                                                                               25
                                                           2018-19


                                   6 Nationalism and Imperialism
                                   By the last quarter of the nineteenth century nationalism no longer
                                   retained its idealistic liberal-democratic sentiment of the first half
                                   of the century, but became a narrow creed with limited ends. During
                                   this period nationalist groups became increasingly intolerant of each
                                   other and ever ready to go to war. The major European powers, in
                                   turn, manipulated the nationalist aspirations of the subject peoples
                                   in Europe to further their own imperialist aims.
                                   The most serious source of nationalist tension in Europe after 1871
                                   was the area called the Balkans. The Balkans was a region of
                                   geographical and ethnic variation comprising modern-day Romania,
                                   Bulgaria, Albania, Greece, Macedonia, Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina,
                                   Slovenia, Serbia and Montenegro whose inhabitants were broadly
                                   known as the Slavs. A large part of the Balkans was under the control
                                   of the Ottoman Empire. The spread of the ideas of romantic
                                   nationalism in the Balkans together with the disintegration of the
                                   Ottoman Empire made this region very explosive. All through the
                                   nineteenth century the Ottoman Empire had sought to strengthen
                                   itself through modernisation and internal reforms but with very
                                   little success. One by one, its European subject nationalities broke
                                   away from its control and declared independence. The Balkan
                                   peoples based their claims for independence or political rights on
                                   nationality and used history to prove that they had once been
                                   independent but had subsequently been subjugated by foreign
                                   powers. Hence the rebellious nationalities in the Balkans thought of
                                   their struggles as attempts to win back their long-lost independence.
                                    As the different Slavic nationalities struggled to define their identity
India and the Contemporary World
                                   and independence, the Balkan area became an area of intense conflict.
                                   The Balkan states were fiercely jealous of each other and each hoped
                                   to gain more territory at the expense of the others. Matters were
                                   further complicated because the Balkans also became the scene of
                                   big power rivalry. During this period, there was intense rivalry among
                                   the European powers over trade and colonies as well as naval and
                                   military might. These rivalries were very evident in the way the Balkan
                                   problem unfolded. Each power – Russia, Germany, England,
                                   Austro-Hungary – was keen on countering the hold of other powers
                                   over the Balkans, and extending its own control over the area. This
                                   led to a series of wars in the region and finally the First World War.
                                   26
                                                                                               2018-19


 Fig. 20 — A map celebrating the British Empire.
 At the top, angels are shown carrying the banner of freedom. In the foreground, Britannia — the
 symbol of the British nation — is triumphantly sitting over the globe. The colonies are represented
 through images of tigers, elephants, forests and primitive people. The domination of the world is
 shown as the basis of Britain’s national pride.
Nationalism, aligned with imperialism, led Europe to disaster in 1914.
But meanwhile, many countries in the world which had been
                                                                                                            Europe
colonised by the European powers in the nineteenth century began
to oppose imperial domination. The anti-imperial movements that
developed everywhere were nationalist, in the sense that they all
                                                                                                            N a t i o n a l i s m in
struggled to form independent nation-states, and were inspired by
a sense of collective national unity, forged in confrontation with
imperialism. European ideas of nationalism were nowhere
replicated, for people everywhere developed their own specific variety
of nationalism. But the idea that societies should be organised into
‘nation-states’ came to be accepted as natural and universal.
                                                                                                       27
                                                         2018-19


                                    Write in brief
                                        1. Write a note on:
                                           a) Guiseppe Mazzini
                                           b) Count Camillo de Cavour
                                           c) The Greek war of independence
                                                                                                                                  Write in brief
                                           d) Frankfurt parliament
                                           e) The role of women in nationalist struggles
                                        2. What steps did the French revolutionaries take to create a sense of collective
                                           identity among the French people?
                                        3. Who were Marianne and Germania? What was the importance of the way in
                                           which they were portrayed?
                                        4. Briefly trace the process of German unification.
                                        5. What changes did Napoleon introduce to make the administrative system more
                                           efficient in the territories ruled by him?
                                    Discuss
                                        1. Explain what is meant by the 1848 revolution of the liberals. What were the political, social
                                           and economic ideas supported by the liberals?
                                        2. Choose three examples to show the contribution of culture to the growth of nationalism
                                           in Europe.
                                        3. Through a focus on any two countries, explain how nations developed over the nineteenth
                                                                                                                                                   Discuss
                                           century.
India and the Contemporary World
                                        4. How was the history of nationalism in Britain unlike the rest of Europe?
                                        5. Why did nationalist tensions emerge in the Balkans?
                                    Project
                                                                                                                       Project
                                        Find out more about nationalist symbols in countries outside Europe. For one or two countries,
                                        collect examples of pictures, posters or music that are symbols of nationalism. How are these
                                        different from European examples?
                                   28
                                                                                     2018-19


                                                                                                      Chapter II
The Nationalist Movement in
Indo-China
Vietnam gained formal independence in 1945, before India, but
it took another three decades of fighting before the Republic
of Vietnam was formed. This chapter on Indo-China will
introduce you to one of the important states of the peninsula, namely,
Vietnam. Nationalism in Indo-China developed in a colonial context.
The knitting together of a modern Vietnamese nation that brought
the different communities together was in part the result of
                                                                               TheThe Nationalist
                                                                                      Nationalist                     Movement in Indo-China
colonisation but, as importantly, it was shaped by the struggle against
colonial domination.
If you see the historical experience of Indo-China in relation to that
of India, you will discover important differences in the way colonial
empires functioned and the anti-imperial movement developed. By
looking at such differences and similarities you can understand the
variety of ways in which nationalism has developed and shaped the
contemporary world.
                                                                                                  Movement in Indo-China
 Fig.1 – Map of Indo-China.
                                                                          29
                                                          2018-19


                                    1 Emerging from the Shadow of China
                                   Indo-China comprises the modern countries of Vietnam, Laos and
                                   Cambodia (see Fig. 1). Its early history shows many different groups
                                   of people living in this area under the shadow of the powerful
                                   empire of China. Even when an independent country was established
                                   in what is now northern and central Vietnam, its rulers continued
                                   to maintain the Chinese system of government as well as
                                   Chinese culture.
                                   Vietnam was also linked to what has been called the maritime silk
                                   route that brought in goods, people and ideas. Other networks of
                                   trade connected it to the hinterlands where non-Vietnamese people
                                   such as the Khmer Cambodians lived.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 2 – The port of Faifo.
                                    This port was founded by Portuguese merchants. It was one of
                                    the ports used by European trading companies much before the
                                    nineteenth century.
                                   1.1 Colonial Domination and Resistance
                                   The colonisation of Vietnam by the French brought the people of
                                   the country into conflict with the colonisers in all areas of life. The
                                   most visible form of French control was military and economic
                                   domination but the French also built a system that tried to reshape
                                   the culture of the Vietnamese. Nationalism in Vietnam emerged
                                   through the efforts of different sections of society to fight against
                                   the French and all they represented.
                                   30
                                                                                             2018-19


                                                                        Fig. 3 – Francis Garnier, a French officer who led
                                                                        an attack against the ruling Nguyen dynasty,
                                                                        being killed by soldiers of the court.
                                                                        Garnier was part of the French team that explored
                                                                        the Mekong river. In 1873 he was commissioned
                                                                        by the French to try and establish a French
                                                                        colony in Tonkin in the north. Garnier carried out
                                                                        an attack on Hanoi, the capital of Tonkin, but was
                                                                        killed in the fight.
French troops landed in Vietnam in 1858
and by the mid-1880s they had established
a firm grip over the northern region.
After the Franco-Chinese war the
                                                                                                                               The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
French assumed control of Tonkin and
Anaam and, in 1887, French Indo-China
was formed. In the following decades
the French sought to consolidate
their position, and people in Vietnam
began reflecting on the nature of the
loss that Vietnam was suffering. Nationalist
resistance developed out of this reflection.
 Fig. 4 – The Mekong river, engraving by the French Exploratory Force, in which Garnier participated.
 Exploring and mapping rivers was part of the colonial enterprise everywhere in the world. Colonisers wanted to know
 the route of the rivers, their origin, and the terrain they passed through. The rivers could then be properly used for
 trade and transport. During these explorations innumerable pictures and maps were produced.
                                                                                                                          31
                                                        2018-19


                                   The famous blind poet Ngyuyen Dinh Chieu (1822-88) bemoaned
                                   what was happening to his country:
                                        I would rather face eternal darkness
                                        Than see the faces of traitors.
                                        I would rather see no man
                                        Than encounter one man’s suffering.
                                        I would rather see nothing
                                        Than witness the dismembering of the country
                                        in decline.
                                   1.2 Why the French thought Colonies Necessary
                                   Colonies were considered essential to supply natural resources and
                                   other essential goods. Like other Western nations, France also thought
                                   it was the mission of the ‘advanced’ European countries to bring
                                   the benefits of civilisation to backward peoples.
                                   The French began by building canals and draining lands in the Mekong
                                   delta to increase cultivation. The vast system of irrigation works –
                                   canals and earthworks – built mainly with forced labour, increased
                                   rice production and allowed the export of rice to the international
                                   market. The area under rice cultivation went up from 274,000
                                   hectares in 1873 to 1.1 million hectares in 1900 and 2.2 million in
                                   1930. Vietnam exported two-thirds of its rice production and by
                                   1931 had become the third largest exporter of rice in the world.
                                   This was followed by infrastructure projects to help transport goods
                                   for trade, move military garrisons and control the entire region.
                                   Construction of a trans-Indo-China rail network that would link
                                   the northern and southern parts of Vietnam and China was begun.
                                   This final link with Yunan in China was completed by 1910. The
India and the Contemporary World
                                   second line was also built, linking Vietnam to Siam (as Thailand was
                                   then called), via the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh.
                                   By the 1920s, to ensure higher levels of profit for their businesses,    Activity
                                   French business interests were pressurising the government in Vietnam
                                                                                                            Imagine a conversation between a French
                                   to develop the infrastructure further.
                                                                                                            coloniser and a Vietnamese labourer in the
                                                                                                            canal project. The Frenchman believes he is
                                   1.3 Should Colonies be Developed?                                        bringing civilization to backward people and
                                                                                                            the Vietnamese labourer argues against it. In
                                   Everyone agreed that colonies had to serve the interests of the mother
                                                                                                            pairs act out the conversation they may have
                                   country. But the question was – how? Some like Paul Bernard, an
                                                                                                            had, using evidence from the text.
                                   influential writer and policy-maker, strongly believed that the
                                   32
                                                                                             2018-19


economy of the colonies needed to be developed. He argued that
the purpose of acquiring colonies was to make profits. If the
economy was developed and the standard of living of the people
improved, they would buy more goods. The market would
consequently expand, leading to better profits for French business.
Bernard suggested that there were several barriers to economic
growth in Vietnam: high population levels, low agricultural
productivity and extensive indebtedness amongst the peasants. To
reduce rural poverty and increase agricultural productivity it was
necessary to carry out land reforms as the Japanese had done in the
1890s. However, this could not ensure sufficient employment. As
                                                                            New words
the experience of Japan showed, industrialisation would be essential
to create more jobs.                                                        Indentured labour – A form of labour widely
                                                                            used in the plantations from the mid-nineteenth
The colonial economy in Vietnam was, however, primarily based
                                                                            century. Labourers worked on the basis of
on rice cultivation and rubber plantations owned by the French and
                                                                            contracts that did not specify any rights of
a small Vietnamese elite. Rail and port facilities were set up to service
                                                                            labourers but gave immense power to
this sector. Indentured Vietnamese labour was widely used in the
                                                                            employers. Employers could bring criminal
rubber plantations. The French, contrary to what Bernard would
                                                                            charges against labourers and punish and jail
have liked, did little to industrialise the economy. In the rural areas
                                                                            them for non-fulfilment of contracts.
landlordism spread and the standard of living declined.
                                                                                                                              The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
 Fig. 5 – A French weapons merchant, Jean Dupuis, in Vietnam in the late
 nineteenth century.
 Many like him explored the regions in the hope of making profits from trade. He was
 one of those who persuaded the French to try and establish a base in Vietnam.
                                                                                                                         33
                                                            2018-19


                                    2 The Dilemma of Colonial Education
                                   French colonisation was not based only on economic exploitation.
                                   It was also driven by the idea of a ‘civilising mission’. Like the British
                                   in India, the French claimed that they were bringing modern civilisation
                                   to the Vietnamese. They took for granted that Europe had developed
                                   the most advanced civilisation. So it became the duty of the
                                   Europeans to introduce these modern ideas to the colony even if
                                   this meant destroying local cultures, religions and traditions, because
                                   these were seen as outdated and prevented modern development.
                                   Education was seen as one way to civilise the ‘native’. But in order
                                   to educate them, the French had to resolve a dilemma. How far
                                   were the Vietnamese to be educated? The French needed an educated
                                   local labour force but they feared that education might create
                                   problems. Once educated, the Vietnamese may begin to question
                                   colonial domination. Moreover, French citizens living in Vietnam
                                   (called colons) began fearing that they might lose their jobs – as
                                   teachers, shopkeepers, policemen – to the educated Vietnamese. So
                                   they opposed policies that would give the Vietnamese full access to
                                   French education.
                                   2.1 Talking Modern
                                   The French were faced with yet another problem in the sphere of
                                   education: the elites in Vietnam were powerfully influenced by
                                   Chinese culture. To consolidate their power, the French had to
                                   counter this Chinese influence. So they systematically dismantled the
                                   traditional educational system and established French schools for
                                   the Vietnamese. But this was not easy. Chinese, the language used by
                                   the elites so far, had to be replaced. But what was to take its place?
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Was the language to be Vietnamese or French?
                                   There were two broad opinions on this question. Some policy-
                                   makers emphasised the need to use the French language as the
                                   medium of instruction. By learning the language, they felt, the
                                   Vietnamese would be introduced to the culture and civilisation of
                                   France. This would help create an ‘Asiatic France solidly tied to
                                   European France’. The educated people in Vietnam would respect
                                   French sentiments and ideals, see the superiority of French culture,
                                   and work for the French. Others were opposed to French being
                                   the only medium of instruction. They suggested that Vietnamese be
                                   taught in lower classes and French in the higher classes. The few
                                   34
                                                                                                2018-19


who learnt French and acquired French culture were to be rewarded
with French citizenship.
                                                                           Activity
                                                                           Imagine you are a student in the Tonkin Free
However, only the Vietnamese elite – comprising a small fraction
                                                                           School in 1910. How would you react to:
of the population – could enroll in the schools, and only a few
                                                                           Ø what the textbooks say about the
among those admitted ultimately passed the school-leaving                     Vietnamese?
examination. This was largely because of a deliberate policy of failing    Ø what the school tells you about hairstyles?
students, particularly in the final year, so that they could not qualify
for the better-paid jobs. Usually, as many as two-thirds of the students
failed. In 1925, in a population of 17 million, there were less than
400 who passed the examination.
School textbooks glorified the French and justified colonial rule.
The Vietnamese were represented as primitive and backward, capable
of manual labour but not of intellectual reflection; they could work
in the fields but not rule themselves; they were ‘skilled copyists’ but
not creative. School children were told that only French rule could
ensure peace in Vietnam: ‘Since the establishment of French rule the
Vietnamese peasant no longer lives in constant terror of pirates …
Calm is complete, and the peasant can work with a good heart.’
2.2 Looking Modern
The Tonkin Free School was started in 1907 to provide a Western-
style education. This education included classes in science, hygiene
and French (these classes were held in the evening and had to be
paid for separately). The school’s approach to what it means to
be ‘modern’ is a good example of the thinking prevalent at that
time. It was not enough to learn science and Western ideas: to be
modern the Vietnamese had to also look modern. The school
                                                                                                                                The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
encouraged the adoption of Western styles such as having a short
haircut. For the Vietnamese this meant a major break with their own
identity since they traditionally kept long hair. To underline the
importance of a total change there was even a ‘haircutting chant’:
    Comb in the left hand
    Scissors in the right,
    Snip, snip, clip, clip!
    Watch out, be careful,
    Drop stupid practices,
    Dump childish things                                                   Fig. 6 – A local caricature ridiculing the
    Speak openly and frankly                                               Vietnamese who has been westernised.
                                                                           Abandoning his own culture, he has begun
    Study Western customs                                                  wearing Western clothes and playing tennis.
                                                                                                                           35
                                                          2018-19


                                   2.3 Resistance in Schools
                                                                                                               Some important dates
                                   Teachers and students did not blindly follow the curriculum.
                                                                                                                1802
                                   Sometimes there was open opposition, at other times there was                Nguyen Anh becomes emperor symbolising
                                   silent resistance. As the numbers of Vietnamese teachers increased           the unification of the country under the Nguyen
                                   in the lower classes, it became difficult to control what was actually       dynasty.
                                   taught. While teaching, Vietnamese teachers quietly modified the text        1867
                                   and criticised what was stated.                                              Cochinchina (the South) becomes a French
                                                                                                                colony.
                                   In 1926 a major protest erupted in the Saigon Native Girls School.
                                                                                                                1887
                                   A Vietnamese girl sitting in one of the front seats was asked
                                                                                                                Creation of the Indo-china Union, including
                                   to move to the back of the class and allow a local French student
                                                                                                                Cochinchina, Annam, Tonkin, Cambodia and
                                   to occupy the front bench. She refused. The principal, also a                later, Laos.
                                   colon (French people in the colonies), expelled her. When angry              1930
                                   students protested, they too were expelled, leading to a further             Ho Chi Minh forms the Vietnamese
                                   spread of open protests. Seeing the situation getting out of control,        Communist Party.
                                   the government forced the school to take the students back.                  1945
                                   The principal reluctantly agreed but warned the students, ‘I will crush      Vietminh start a general popular insurrection.
                                   all Vietnamese under my feet. Ah! You wish my deportation. Know              Bao Dai abdicates. Ho Chi Minh declares
                                   well that I will leave only after I am assured Vietnamese no longer          independence in Hanoi (September 2).
                                   inhabit Cochinchina.’                                                        1954
                                                                                                                The French army is defeated at Dien Bien Phu.
                                   Elsewhere, students fought against the colonial government’s efforts         1961
                                   to prevent the Vietnamese from qualifying for white-collar jobs.             Kennedy decides to increase US military aid to
                                   They were inspired by patriotic feelings and the conviction that it          South Vietnam.
                                   was the duty of the educated to fight for the benefit of society.            1974
                                   This brought them into conflict with the French as well as the               Paris Peace Treaty.
                                   traditional elite, since both saw their positions threatened. By the         1975 (April 30)
                                   1920s, students were forming various political parties, such as the          NLF troops enter Saigon.
                                   Party of Young Annan, and publishing nationalist journals such as            1976
                                   the Annanese Student.                                                        The Socialist Republic of Vietnam is
                                                                                                                proclaimed.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Schools thus became an important place for political and cultural
                                   battles. The French sought to strengthen their rule in Vietnam through
                                   the control of education. They tried to change the values, norms
                                   and perceptions of the people, to make them believe in the superiority
                                   of French civilisation and the inferiority of the Vietnamese.
                                   Vietnamese intellectuals, on the other hand, feared that Vietnam was
                                   losing not just control over its territory but its very identity: its own
                                   culture and customs were being devalued and the people were
                                   developing a master-slave mentality. The battle against French
                                   colonial education became part of the larger battle against colonialism
                                   and for independence.
                                   36
                                                                                               2018-19


3 Hygiene, Disease and Everyday Resistance
Education was not the only sphere of everyday life in which such
political battles against colonialism were fought. In many other
institutions we can see the variety of small ways in which the colonised
expressed their anger against the colonisers.
3.1 Plague Strikes Hanoi
Take the case of health and hygiene. When the French set about
creating a modern Vietnam, they decided to rebuild Hanoi.
The latest ideas about architecture and modern engineering skills
were employed to build a new and ‘modern’ city. In 1903,
the modern part of Hanoi was struck by bubonic plague. In
many colonial countries, measures to control the spread of disease
created serious social conflicts. But in Hanoi events took a peculiarly
interesting turn.
The French part of Hanoi was built as a beautiful and clean city with
wide avenues and a well-laid-out sewer system, while the ‘native
                                                                                                                              The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
                                                                           Fig. 7 – Modern Hanoi.
                                                                           Colonial buildings like this one came up in
                                                                           the French part of Hanoi.
                                                                                                                         37
                                                          2018-19


                                   quarter’ was not provided with any modern facilities. The refuse
                                   from the old city drained straight out into the river or, during heavy
                                   rains or floods, overflowed into the streets. Thus what was installed
                                   to create a hygienic environment in the French city became the cause
                                   of the plague. The large sewers in the modern part of the city, a
                                   symbol of modernity, were an ideal and protected breeding ground
                                   for rats. The sewers also served as a great transport system, allowing
                                   the rats to move around the city without any problem. And rats
                                   began to enter the well-cared-for homes of the French through the
                                   sewage pipes. What was to be done?
                                   3.2 The Rat Hunt
                                   To stem this invasion, a rat hunt was started in 1902. The French
                                   hired Vietnamese workers and paid them for each rat they caught.
                                   Rats began to be caught in thousands: on 30 May, for instance, 20,000
                                   were caught but still there seemed to be no end. For the Vietnamese
                                   the rat hunt seemed to provide an early lesson in the success of
                                   collective bargaining. Those who did the dirty work of entering
                                   sewers found that if they came together they could negotiate a higher
                                   bounty. They also discovered innovative ways to profit from this
                                   situation. The bounty was paid when a tail was given as proof that
                                   a rat had been killed. So the rat-catchers took to just clipping the
                                   tails and releasing the rats, so that the process could be repeated,
                                   over and over again. Some people, in fact, began raising rats to
                                   earn a bounty.
                                   Defeated by the resistance of the weak, the French were forced to
                                   scrap the bounty programme. None of this prevented the bubonic
                                   plague, which swept through the area in 1903 and in subsequent             Discuss
India and the Contemporary World
                                   years. In a way, the rat menace marks the limits of French power           What does the 1903 plague and the measures
                                   and the contradictions in their ‘civilising mission’. And the actions of   to control it tell us about the French colonial
                                   the rat-catchers tell us of the numerous small ways in which               attitude towards questions of health and
                                   colonialism was fought in everyday life.                                   hygiene?
                                   38
                                                                                              2018-19


 4 Religion and Anti-colonialism
Colonial domination was exercised by control over all areas of private
and public life. The French occupied Vietnam militarily but they also
sought to reshape social and cultural life. While religion played an
important role in strengthening colonial control, it also provided
ways of resistance. Let us consider how this happened.
Vietnam’s religious beliefs were a mixture of Buddhism,
Confucianism and local practices. Christianity, introduced by French
                                                                          Box 1
missionaries, was intolerant of this easygoing attitude and viewed
the Vietnamese tendency to revere the supernatural as something to         Confucius (551-479 BCE ), a Chinese thinker,
be corrected.                                                              developed a philosophical system based on good
                                                                           conduct, practical wisdom and proper social
From the eighteenth century, many religious movements were hostile         relationships. People were taught to respect their
to the Western presence. An early movement against French control          parents and submit to elders. They were told
                                                                           that the relationship between the ruler and the
and the spread of Christianity was the Scholars Revolt in 1868. This
                                                                           people was the same as that between children
revolt was led by officials at the imperial court angered by the spread    and parents.
of Catholicism and French power. They led a general uprising in
                                                                                                                                 The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
                                                                          Fig. 8 – The execution of Father Borie, a Catholic
                                                                          missionary.
                                                                          Images like this by French artists were publicised
                                                                          in France to stir up religious fury.
                                                                                                                            39
                                                          2018-19


                                   Ngu An and Ha Tien provinces where over a thousand Catholics
                                                                                                            New words
                                   were killed. Catholic missionaries had been active in winning converts
                                                                                                            Syncretic – Characterised by syncretism; aims
                                   since the early seventeenth century, and by the middle of the
                                                                                                            to bring together different beliefs and practices,
                                   eighteenth century had converted some 300,000. The French crushed
                                                                                                            seeing their essential unity rather than their
                                   the movement but this uprising served to inspire other patriots to
                                                                                                            difference
                                   rise up against them.
                                                                                                            Concentration camp – A prison where people
                                   The elites in Vietnam were educated in Chinese and Confucianism.         are detained without due process of law. The
                                   But religious beliefs among the peasantry were shaped by a variety       word evokes an image of a place of torture
                                   of syncretic traditions that combined Buddhism and local beliefs.        and brutal treatment
                                   There were many popular religions in Vietnam that were spread by
                                   people who claimed to have seen a vision of God. Some of these
                                   religious movements supported the French, but others inspired
                                   movements against colonial rule.
                                   One such movement was the Hoa Hao. It began in 1939
                                   and gained great popularity in the fertile Mekong delta area. It
                                   drew on religious ideas popular in anti-French uprisings of the
                                   nineteenth century.
                                   The founder of Hoa Hao was a man called Huynh Phu So. He
                                   performed miracles and helped the poor. His criticism against useless
                                   expenditure had a wide appeal. He also opposed the sale of child
                                   brides, gambling and the use of alcohol and opium.
                                   The French tried to suppress the movement inspired by Huynh
                                   Phu So. They declared him mad, called him the Mad Bonze,
                                   and put him in a mental asylum. Interestingly, the doctor who
                                   had to prove him insane became his follower, and finally in 1941,
                                   even the French doctors declared that he was sane. The French
                                   authorities exiled him to Laos and sent many of his followers to
                                   concentration camps.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Movements like this always had a contradictory relationship with
                                   mainstream nationalism. Political parties often drew upon their
                                   support, but were uneasy about their activities. They could neither
                                   control or discipline these groups, nor support their rituals
                                   and practices.
                                   Yet the significance of these movements in arousing anti-imperialist
                                   sentiments should not be underestimated.
                                   40
                                                                                            2018-19


5 The Vision of Modernisation
French colonialism was resisted at many levels and in various forms.
But all nationalists had to grapple with one set of questions: What
was it to be Modern? What was it to be Nationalist? In order to be
modern, was it necessary to regard tradition as backward and reject
all earlier ideas and social practices? Was it necessary to consider the
                                                                         Source A
‘West’ as the symbol of development and civilisation, and try and
copy the West?
                                                                           In Japan, Phan Boi Chau and Phan Chu Trinh
Different answers were offered to such questions. Some intellectuals       spent time together, discussing their visions of
                                                                           Vietnamese independence, and debating their
felt that Vietnamese traditions had to be strengthened to resist
                                                                           differences. This is what Phan Boi Chau later
the domination of the West, while others felt that Vietnam had             wrote about their discussions:
to learn from the West even while opposing foreign domination.             ‘Thereafter over more than ten days, he and I
These differing visions led to complex debates, which could not be         debated time and again, and our opinions were
easily resolved.                                                           diametrically opposed. That is to say, he wished
                                                                           to overthrow the monarchy in order to create a
In the late nineteenth century, resistance to French domination was        basis for the promotion of popular rights; I, on
                                                                           the contrary, maintained that first the foreign
very often led by Confucian scholar-activists, who saw their world
                                                                           enemy should be driven out, and after our
crumbling. Educated in the Confucian tradition, Phan Boi Chau              nation’s independence was restored we could
(1867-1940) was one such nationalist. He became a major figure in          talk about other things. My plan was to make
                                                                           use of the monarchy, which he opposed
the anti-colonial resistance from the time he formed the Revolutionary
                                                                           absolutely. His plan was to raise up the people
Society (Duy Tan Hoi) in 1903, with Prince Cuong De as the head.           to abolish the monarchy, with which I absolutely
                                                                           disagreed. In other words, he and I were pursuing
Phan Boi Chau met the Chinese reformer Liang Qichao (1873-1929)            one and the same goal, but our means were
in Yokohama in 1905. Phan’s most influential book, The History of          considerably different.’
the Loss of Vietnam was written under the strong influence and advice
of Qichao. It became a widely read bestseller in Vietnam and China                                       Source
and was even made into a play. The book focuses on two connected
themes: the loss of sovereignty and the severing of ties with China –
ties that bound the elites of the two countries within a shared culture.   Discuss
                                                                                                                                The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
It is this double loss that Phan laments, a lament that was typical of     What ideas did Phan Boi Chau and Phan
reformers from within the traditional elite.                               Chu Trinh share in common? What did they
Other nationalists strongly differed with Phan Boi Chau. One such          differ on?
was Phan Chu Trinh (1871-1926). He was intensely hostile to the
monarchy and opposed to the idea of resisting the French with the
help of the court. His desire was to establish a democratic republic.
Profoundly influenced by the democratic ideals of the West, he did
                                                                           New words
not want a wholesale rejection of Western civilisation. He accepted
                                                                           Republic – A form of government based on
the French revolutionary ideal of liberty but charged the French
                                                                           popular consent and popular representation.
for not abiding by the ideal. He demanded that the French set up
                                                                           It is based on the power of the people as
legal and educational institutions, and develop agriculture
                                                                           opposed to monarchy
and industries.
                                                                                                                           41
                                                          2018-19


                                   5.1 Other Ways of Becoming Modern: Japan and China
                                   Early Vietnamese nationalists had a close relationship with Japan
                                   and China. They provided models for those looking to change, a
                                   refuge for those who were escaping French police, and a location
                                   where a wider Asian network of revolutionaries could be established.
                                   In the first decade of the twentieth century a ‘go east movement’
                                   became popular. In 1907-08 some 300 Vietnamese students went
                                   to Japan to acquire modern education. For many of them the primary
                                   objective was to drive out the French from Vietnam, overthrow
                                   the puppet emperor and re-establish the Nguyen dynasty that had
                                   been deposed by the French. These nationalists looked for foreign
                                   arms and help. They appealed to the Japanese as fellow Asians.
                                   Japan had modernised itself and had resisted colonisation by the
                                   West. Besides, its victory over Russia in 1907 proved its military
                                   capabilities. Vietnamese students established a branch of the
                                   Restoration Society in Tokyo but after 1908, the Japanese Ministry
                                   of Interior clamped down on them. Many, including Phan Boi Chau,
                                   were deported and forced to seek exile in China and Thailand.
                                   Developments in China also inspired
                                   Vietnamese nationalists. In 1911, the long
                                   established monarchy in China was
                                   overthrown by a popular movement under
                                   Sun Yat-sen, and a Republic was set up.
                                   Inspired by these developments, Vietnamese
                                   students organised the Association for the
                                   Restoration of Vietnam (Viet-Nam
                                   Quan Phuc Hoi). Now the nature of the
                                   anti-French independence movement
India and the Contemporary World
                                   changed. The objective was no longer to
                                   set up a constitutional monarchy but a
                                   democratic republic.                             Fig. 9 – Cartoon of Vietnamese nationalists chasing away imperialists.
                                                                                    In all such nationalist representations of struggle the nationalists
                                   Soon, however, the anti-imperialist movement     appear heroic, marching ahead, while the imperial forces flee.
                                   in Vietnam came under a new type
                                   of leadership.
                                   42
                                                                                           2018-19


6 The Communist Movement and Vietnamese Nationalism
The Great Depression of the 1930s had a profound impact on                  Source B
Vietnam. The prices of rubber and rice fell, leading to rising rural
debts, unemployment and rural uprisings, such as in the provinces            Declaration of independence
of Nghe An and Ha Tinh. These provinces were among the poorest,              The declaration of the new republic began by
had an old radical tradition, and have been called the ‘electrical fuses’    reaffirming the principles of the declaration of
                                                                             independence of the United States in 1771 and
of Vietnam – when the system was under pressure they were the                of the French Revolution in 1791 but added that
first to blow. The French put these uprisings down with great severity,      the French imperialists do not follow these
even using planes to bomb demonstrators.                                     principles for they
                                                                             ‘have violated our fatherland and oppressed our
In February 1930, Ho Chi Minh brought together competing                     fellow citizens. They have acted contrary to the
nationalist groups to establish the Vietnamese Communist (Vietnam            ideals of humanity and justice.
Cong San Dang) Party, later renamed the Indo-Chinese Communist               ‘In the field of politics, they have deprived
                                                                             us of all liberties. They have imposed upon us
Party. He was inspired by the militant demonstrations of the European        inhuman laws … They have built more prisons
communist parties.                                                           than schools. They have mercilessly slain our
                                                                             patriots; they have drowned our uprisings in
In 1940 Japan occupied Vietnam, as part of its imperial drive to             rivers of blood.
control Southeast Asia. So nationalists now had to fight against the         ‘They have fettered public opinion; they have
Japanese as well as the French. The League for the Independence of           practiced obscurantism against our people …
Vietnam (Vietnam Doc Lap Dong Minh), which came to be                        ‘For these reasons, we members of the
                                                                             Provisional Government, representing the entire
known as the Vietminh, fought the Japanese occupation and                    population of Vietnam, declare that we shall
recaptured Hanoi in September 1945. The Democratic Republic                  henceforth have no connection with imperialist
                                                                             France; that we abolish all the privileges which
of Vietnam was formed and Ho Chi Minh became Chairman.
                                                                             the French have arrogated to themselves on
                                                                             our territory …
6.1 The New Republic of Vietnam                                              ‘We solemnly proclaim to the entire world:
                                                                             Vietnam has the right to be free and
The new republic faced a number of challenges. The French tried to           independent, and in fact has become free and
                                                                             independent.’
regain control by using the emperor, Bao Dai, as their puppet. Faced
with the French offensive, the Vietminh were forced to retreat to
                                                                                                           Source
                                                                                                                                 The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
the hills. After eight years of fighting, the French were defeated in
1954 at Dien Bien Phu.
The Supreme French Commander of the French armies, General
                                                                             New words
Henry Navarre had declared confidently in 1953 that they would
                                                                             Obscurantist – Person or ideas that mislead
soon be victorious. But on 7 May 1954, the Vietminh annihilated
and captured more than 16,000 soldiers of the French Expeditionary
Corps. The entire commanding staff, including a general, 16 colonels
and 1,749 officers, were taken prisoner.
In the peace negotiations in Geneva that followed the French defeat,
the Vietnamese were persuaded to accept the division of the country.
North and south were split: Ho Chi Minh and the communists took
                                                                                                                            43
                                                           2018-19


                                   power in the north while Bao Dai’s regime was put in
                                   power in the south.
                                   This division set in motion a series of events that turned
                                   Vietnam into a battlefield bringing death and destruction to
                                   its people as well as the environment. The Bao Dai regime
                                   was soon overthrown by a coup led by Ngo Dinh Diem.
                                   Diem built a repressive and authoritarian government. Anyone
                                   who opposed him was called a communist and was jailed
                                   and killed. Diem retained Ordinance 10, a French law that
                                   permitted Christianity but outlawed Buddhism. His dictatorial       Fig. 10 – The French Commander in Indo-China,
                                   rule came to be opposed by a broad opposition united under          General Henri Navarre (right).
                                                                                                       Navarre wanted to attack the Vietminh even in their
                                   the banner of the National Liberation Front (NLF).                  remote bases. As a consequence the French opened
                                                                                                       many fronts of attack and scattered their forces.
                                   With the help of the Ho Chi Minh government in the north,           Navarre’s plans backfired in the North Eastern Valley
                                                                                                       of Dien Bien Phu.
                                   the NLF fought for the unification of the country. The US
                                   Box 2
                                    At Dien Bien Phu the French were outwitted by the Vietminh forces led by General Vo Nguyen Giap. The French
                                    Commander, Navarre, had not thought of all the problems he would face in the battle. The valley where French garrisons
                                    were located was flooded in the monsoon and the area was covered with bushes, making it difficult to move troops and
                                    tanks, or trace the Vietminh anti-aircraft guns hidden in the jungle.
                                    From their base in the hills, the Vietminh surrounded the French garrisons in the valley below, digging trenches and tunnels
                                    to move without being detected. Supplies and reinforcements could not reach the besieged French garrison, the wounded
                                    French soldiers could not be moved, and the French airstrip became unusable because of continuous artillery fire.
                                    Dien Bien Phu became a very important symbol of struggle. It strengthened Vietminh conviction in their capacity to fight
                                    powerful imperial forces through determination and proper strategy. Stories of the battle were retold in villages and cities
                                    to inspire people.
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                             Fig. 11 – Supplies being taken
                                                                                                                             to Dien Bien Phu.
                                                                                                                             Vietminh forces used bicycles
                                                                                                                             and porters to transport
                                                                                                                             supplies. They went through
                                                                                                                             jungles and hidden tracks to
                                                                                                                             escape enemy attacks.
                                   44
                                                                                             2018-19


Box 3
 Ho Chi Minh (1890-1969)
 Little is known about his early life mostly because Minh chose to downplay his personal background and identify himself
 with the cause of Vietnam. Probably born as Nguyen Van Thanh in Central Vietnam, he studied at French schools that
 produced leaders such as Ngo Dinh Diem, Vo Nguyen Giap and Pham Van Dong. He briefly taught in 1910, and in 1911,
 learnt baking and took a job on a French liner on the Saigon-Marseilles run. Minh became an active member of the
 Commintern, meeting Lenin and other leaders. In May 1941, after 30 years abroad in Europe, Thailand and China, Minh
 finally returned to Vietnam. In 1943 he took the name Ho Chi Minh (He Who Enlightens). He became president of the
 Vietnam Democratic Republic. Ho Chi Minh died on 3 September 1969. He led the party successfully for over 40 years,
 struggling to preserve Vietnamese autonomy.
watched this alliance with fear. Worried about communists
gaining power, it decided to intervene decisively, sending in troops
and arms.
6.2 The Entry of the US into the War
US entry into the war marked a new phase that proved costly to the
Vietnamese as well as to the Americans. From 1965 to 1972, over
3,403,100 US services personnel served in Vietnam (7,484 were
women). Even though the US had advanced technology and good
                                                                                                                           The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
 Fig. 12 – American soldiers searching rice fields for Vietcongs.
                                                                                                                      45
                                                        2018-19


                                   medical supplies, casualties were high. About 47,244 died in battle       Box 4
                                   and 303,704 were wounded. (Of those wounded, 23,014 were listed
                                   by the Veterans Administration to be 100 per cent disabled.)               Agent Orange: The Deadly Poison
                                                                                                              Agent Orange is a defoliant, a plant killer, so called
                                   This phase of struggle with the US was brutal. Thousands of US             because it was stored in drums marked with an
                                   troops arrived equipped with heavy weapons and tanks and backed            orange band. Between 1961 and 1971, some
                                   by the most powerful bombers of the time – B52s. The wide spread           11 million gallons of this chemical was sprayed
                                                                                                              from cargo planes by US forces. Their plan was
                                   attacks and use of chemical weapons – Napalm, Agent Orange, and            to destroy forests and fields, so that it would be
                                   phosphorous bombs – destroyed many villages and decimated jungles.         easier to kill if there was no jungle cover for
                                   Civilians died in large numbers.                                           people to hide in. Over 14 per cent of the
                                                                                                              country’s farmland was affected by this poison.
                                   The effect of the war was felt within the US as well. Many were            Its effect has been staggering, continuing to
                                                                                                              affect people till today. Dioxin, an element of
                                   critical of the government for getting involved in a war that they saw     Agent Orange, is known to cause cancer and
                                   as indefensible. When the youth were drafted for the war, the anger        brain damage in children, and, according to a
                                   spread. Compulsory service in the armed forces, however, could be          study, is also the cause of the high incidence of
                                                                                                              deformities found in the sprayed areas.
                                   waived for university graduates. This meant that many of those sent
                                                                                                              The tonnage of bombs, including chemical arms,
                                   to fight did not belong to the privileged elite but were minorities and    used during the US intervention (mostly against
                                   children of working-class families.                                        civilian targets) in Vietnam exceeds that used
                                                                                                              throughout the Second World War.
                                   The US media and films played a major role in both supporting as
                                   well as criticising the war. Hollywood made films in support of the
                                   war, such as John Wayne’s Green Berets (1968). This has
                                   been cited by many as an example of an unthinking
                                   propaganda film that was responsible for motivating
                                   many young men to die in the war. Other films were
                                   more critical as they tried to understand the reasons
                                   for this war. Francis Ford Coppola’s Apocalypse Now
                                   (1979) reflected the moral confusion that the war had
                                   caused in the US.
                                   The war grew out of a fear among US policy-planners
                                   that the victory of the Ho Chi Minh government would
India and the Contemporary World
                                   start a domino effect – communist governments would
                                   be established in other countries in the area. They
                                                                                              Fig. 13 – In December 1972 Hanoi was bombed.
                                   underestimated the power of nationalism to move
                                   people to action, inspire them to sacrifice their home and family, live
                                   under horrific conditions, and fight for independence. They
                                   underestimated the power of a small country to fight the most
                                   technologically advanced country in the world.
                                     New words
                                     Napalm – An organic compound used to thicken gasoline for firebombs. The mixture burns slowly and when it
                                     comes in contact with surfaces like the human body, it sticks and continues to burn. Developed in the US, it was
                                     used in the Second World War. Despite an international outcry, it was used in Vietnam.
                                   46
                                                                                             2018-19


6.3 The Ho Chi Minh Trail                                                                        NORTH
                                                                                                VIETNAM
                                                                                                  Khesanh
The story of the Ho Chi Minh trail is one way of understanding the
                                                                                                                            Hue
nature of the war that the Vietnamese fought against the US. It                      LAOS
                                                                                                                                      Danang
symbolises how the Vietnamese used their limited resources to great
                                                                         THAILAND
advantage. The trail, an immense network of footpaths and roads,
                                                                                       Mekong                                             Quangngai
was used to transport men and materials from the north to the south.
                                                                                                               Minh Trail
                                                                                                      Ho C h i
The trail was improved from the late 1950s, and from 1967 about                                                              Dakto
20,000 North Vietnamese troops came south each month on this trail.
                                                                                                                             Pheiku            Quinhon
The trail had support bases and hospitals along the way. In some parts   CAMBODIA
supplies were transported in trucks, but mostly they were carried by                                                          Banmethuot
                                                                                         Mekong
                                                                         Tonle Sap
porters, who were mainly women. These porters carried about 25
kilos on their backs, or about 70 kilos on their bicycles.
                                                                                                                               SOUTH
Most of the trail was outside Vietnam in neighbouring Laos                                                                    VIETNAM
and Cambodia with branch lines extending into South Vietnam. The                            Tayninh
US regularly bombed this trail trying to disrupt supplies, but efforts                      Saigon
to destroy this important supply line by intensive bombing failed
because they were rebuilt very quickly.
                                                                                                                             South China Sea
                                                                         Fig.14 – The Ho Chi Minh trail.
                                                                         Notice how the trail moved through Laos and
                                                                         Cambodia.
                                                                                                                                                           The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
 Fig. 15 – Rebuilding damaged roads.
 Roads damaged by bombs were quickly rebuilt.
                                                                                                                                                      47
                                                         2018-19


                                    Fig.16 – On the Ho Chi Minh trail.
                                   Source C
                                    Letters of Mr Do Sam
                                    Do Sam was a colonel in the North Vietnamese artillery regiment. He was part of the Tet Offensive started in 1968, to
                                    unify North and South Vietnam and win the battle against US. These are extracts from his letters written to his wife from
                                    the scene of battle. They show how, in the nationalist imagination, personal love mingles with love for the country and the
                                    desire for freedom. Sacrifice appears necessary for happiness.
                                    Letter dated 6/1968
                                    ‘You ask me what “you miss most when you think of me?” I miss the environment of our wedding ... I miss the small cozy
                                    room with lots of memories. I miss …
India and the Contemporary World
                                    ‘Right after our wedding I had to again leave to fight in order to protect the coastal areas of our country. What a short
                                    time we had before I had to station permanently in the South. The more I think, the more I feel for you; therefore I
                                    would have to be more determined to protect the country in order to bring happiness for millions of couples like us …
                                    ‘Last night the car kept heading south. This morning I am writing to you sitting on a stone, surrounded by the sound of
                                    streams and the rustle of trees, as if they were celebrating our happiness. Looking forward to the day when we can return
                                    victoriously. Then we could live in greater happiness, couldn’t we? Wish you good health and miss me always …’
                                    Letter dated 6/1968
                                    ‘Though you are always in my mind I have to focus on my work to contribute to the victory of the ongoing struggle of
                                    our nation …
                                    ‘I have promised myself that only when the South is liberated and peace and happiness return to the people, only then
                                    could I be free to focus on building our own happiness, only then I could be satisfied with our family life …’
                                    - Hung, Dang Vuong,"Những lá thư thời chiến Việt Nam" (Letters Written during the War in Vietnam), publication of Hoi nha
                                    van (Writers’ Association), 2005. Translation by Nguen Quoc Anh.
                                                                                                                             Source
                                   48
                                                                                            2018-19


7 The Nation and Its Heroes
Another way of looking at social movements is to see how they
affect different groups in society. Let us see how the roles of women
were specified in the anti-imperialist movement in Vietnam, and
what that tells us about nationalist ideology.
7.1 Women as Rebels
Women in Vietnam traditionally enjoyed greater equality than in China,
particularly among the lower classes, but they had only limited
freedom to determine their future and played no role in public life.
As the nationalist movement grew, the status of women came to be
questioned and a new image of womanhood emerged. Writers and
political thinkers began idealising women who rebelled against social
norms. In the 1930s, a famous novel by Nhat Linh caused a scandal
because it showed a woman leaving a forced marriage and marrying
someone of her choice, someone who was involved in nationalist
politics. This rebellion against social conventions marked the arrival
of the new woman in Vietnamese society.
7.2 Heroes of Past Times
Rebel women of the past were similarly celebrated. In 1913, the
nationalist Phan Boi Chau wrote a play based on the lives of the
Trung sisters who had fought against Chinese domination in
39-43 CE. In this play he depicted these sisters as patriots fighting to
save the Vietnamese nation from the Chinese. The actual reasons for
                                                                                                                             The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
the revolt are a matter of debate among scholars, but after Phan’s
play the Trung sisters came to be idealised and glorified. They were
depicted in paintings, plays and novels as representing the indomitable
will and the intense patriotism of the Vietnamese. We are told that
they gathered a force of over 30,000, resisted the Chinese for two
years, and when ultimately defeated, they committed suicide, instead
of surrendering to the enemy.
Other women rebels of the past were part of the popular nationalist
lore. One of the most venerated was Trieu Au who lived in the
third century CE. Orphaned in childhood, she lived with her brother.       Fig. 17 – Image of Trieu Au worshipped as a
                                                                           sacred figure.
On growing up she left home, went into the jungles, organised a            Rebels who resisted Chinese rule continue to be
large army and resisted Chinese rule. Finally, when her army was           celebrated.
                                                                                                                        49
                                                          2018-19


                                   crushed, she drowned herself. She became a sacred figure, not just a
                                   martyr who fought for the honour of the country. Nationalists
                                   popularised her image to inspire people to action.
                                   7.3 Women as Warriors
                                   In the 1960s, photographs in magazines and journals showed women
                                   as brave fighters. There were pictures of women militia shooting
                                   down planes. They were portrayed as young, brave and dedicated.
                                   Stories were written to show how happy they felt when they joined
                                   the army and could carry a rifle. Some stories spoke of their incredible
                                   bravery in single-handedly killing the enemy – Nguyen Thi Xuan,
                                   for instance, was reputed to have shot down a jet with just
                                   twenty bullets.
                                   Women were represented not only as warriors but also as workers:
                                   they were shown with a rifle in one hand and a hammer in the other.
                                   Whether young or old, women began to be depicted as selflessly              Fig. 18 – With a gun in one hand.
                                   working and fighting to save the country. As casualties in the war          Stories about women showed them eager to
                                                                                                               join the army. A common description was:
                                   increased in the 1960s, women were urged to join the struggle in            ‘A rosy-cheeked woman, here I am fighting
                                   larger numbers.                                                             side by side with you men. The prison is
                                                                                                               my school, the sword is my child, the gun
                                   Many women responded and joined the resistance movement. They               is my husband.’
                                   helped in nursing the wounded, constructing underground rooms
                                   and tunnels and fighting the enemy. Along the Ho Chi Minh trail
                                   young volunteers kept open 2,195 km of strategic roads and guarded
                                   2,500 key points. They built six airstrips, neutralised tens of thousands
                                   of bombs, transported tens of thousands of kilograms of cargo,
                                   weapons and food and shot down fifteen planes. Between 1965
                                   and 1975, of the 17,000 youth who worked on the trail, 70 to 80
                                   per cent were women. One military historian argues that there were
India and the Contemporary World
                                   1.5 million women in the regular army, the militia, the local forces
                                   and professional teams.
                                   7.4 Women in Times of Peace
                                   By the 1970s, as peace talks began to get under way and the end of
                                   the war seemed near, women were no longer represented as warriors.
                                   Now the image of women as workers begins to predominate. They
                                   are shown working in agricultural cooperatives, factories and
                                   production units, rather than as fighters.
                                                                                                               Fig. 19 – Vietnamese women doctors
                                                                                                               nursing the wounded.
                                   50
                                                                                               2018-19


8 The End of the War
The prolongation of the war created strong reactions even within
the US. It was clear that the US had failed to achieve its objectives:
the Vietnamese resistance had not been crushed; the support of the
Vietnamese people for US action had not been won. In the
meantime, thousands of young US soldiers had lost their lives, and
countless Vietnamese civilians had been killed. This was a war that
has been called the first television war. Battle scenes were shown
on the daily news programmes. Many became disillusioned with
what the US was doing and writers such as Mary McCarthy, and
actors like Jane Fonda even visited North Vietnam and praised their      Fig. 20 – North Vietnamese prisoners in South
                                                                         Vietnam being released after the accord .
heroic defence of the country. The scholar Noam Chomsky called
the war ‘the greatest threat to peace, to national self-determination,
and to international cooperation’.
The widespread questioning of government policy strengthened
moves to negotiate an end to the war. A peace settlement was signed
in Paris in January 1974. This ended conflict with the US but fighting
between the Saigon regime and the NLF continued. The NLF
occupied the presidential palace in Saigon on 30 April 1975 and
unified Vietnam.
                                                                                                                          The Nationalist Movement in Indo-China
 Fig. 21 – Vietcong soldiers pose triumphantly atop a tank after Saigon is liberated.
 What does this image tell us about the nature of Vietnamese nationalism?
                                                                                                                     51
                                                         2018-19


                                    Write in brief
                                        1. Write a note on:
                                           a) What was meant by the ‘civilising mission’ of the colonisers
                                                                                                                             Write in brief
                                           b) Huynh Phu So
                                        2. Explain the following:
                                           a) Only one-third of the students in Vietnam would pass the school-leaving
                                              examinations.
                                           b) The French began building canals and draining lands in the Mekong delta.
                                           c) The government made the Saigon Native Girls School take back the
                                              students it had expelled.
                                           d) Rats were most common in the modern, newly built areas of Hanoi.
                                        3. Describe the ideas behind the Tonkin Free School. To what extent was it a
                                           typical example of colonial ideas in Vietnam?
                                        4. What was Phan Chu Trinh’s objective for Vietnam? How were his ideas different
                                           from those of Phan Boi Chau?
                                    Discuss
                                        1. With reference to what you have read in this chapter, discuss the influence of
                                           China on Vietnam’s culture and life.
                                        2. What was the role of religious groups in the development of anti-colonial feeling in Vietnam?
                                        3. Explain the causes of the US involvement in the war in Vietnam. What effect did this
                                                                                                                                              Discuss
                                           involvement have on life within the US itself?
                                        4. Write an evaluation of the Vietnamese war against the US from the point of
India and the Contemporary World
                                           a) a porter on the Ho Chi Minh trail.
                                           b) a woman soldier.
                                        5. What was the role of women in the anti-imperial struggle in Vietnam? Compare this
                                           with the role of women in the nationalist struggle in India.
                                    Project
                                        Find out about the anti-imperialist movement in any one country in South America. Imagine
                                        that a freedom fighter from this country meets a Vietminh soldier; they become friends and
                                        talk about their experiences of the freedom struggles in their countries. Write about the
                                        conversation they might have.                                        Project
                                   52
                                                                                   2018-19


                                                                                                                     Chapter III
Nationalism in India
As you have seen, modern nationalism in Europe came to be
associated with the formation of nation-states. It also meant a change
in people’s understanding of who they were, and what defined their
identity and sense of belonging. New symbols and icons, new songs
and ideas forged new links and redefined the boundaries of
communities. In most countries the making of this new national
identity was a long process. How did this consciousness emerge
in India?
In India, as in Vietnam and many other colonies, the growth of
modern nationalism is intimately connected to the anti-colonial
movement. People began discovering their unity in the process of
their struggle with colonialism. The sense of being oppressed under
colonialism provided a shared bond that tied many different groups
together. But each class and group felt the effects of colonialism
differently, their experiences were varied, and their notions of
freedom were not always the same. The Congress under Mahatma
Gandhi tried to forge these groups together within one movement.
But the unity did not emerge without conflict.
In an earlier textbook you have read about the growth of nationalism
in India up to the first decade of the twentieth century. In this chapter
we will pick up the story from the 1920s and study the Non-
Cooperation and Civil Disobedience Movements. We will explore
                                                                                                          Nationalism            in India
how the Congress sought to develop the national movement, how
different social groups participated in the movement, and how
nationalism captured the imagination of people.
                                                                                                               Nationalism in India
                                                                            Fig. 1 – 6 April 1919.
                                                                            Mass processions on
                                                                            the streets became a
                                                                            common feature during
                                                                            the national movement.
                                                                                                     53
                                                           2018-19


                                   1 The First World War, Khilafat and Non-Cooperation
                                   In the years after 1919, we see the national movement spreading to
                                   new areas, incorporating new social groups, and developing new
                                   modes of struggle. How do we understand these developments?
                                   What implications did they have?
                                   First of all, the war created a new economic and political situation.
                                   It led to a huge increase in defence expenditure which was financed
                                   by war loans and increasing taxes: customs duties were raised and
                                   income tax introduced. Through the war years prices increased –
                                   doubling between 1913 and 1918 – leading to extreme hardship
                                   for the common people. Villages were called upon to supply soldiers,
                                   and the forced recruitment in rural areas caused widespread anger.
                                   Then in 1918-19 and 1920-21, crops failed in many parts of India,       New words
                                   resulting in acute shortages of food. This was accompanied by an
                                   influenza epidemic. According to the census of 1921, 12 to 13 million   Forced recruitment – A process by which the
                                   people perished as a result of famines and the epidemic.                colonial state forced people to join the army
                                   People hoped that their hardships would end after the war was
                                   over. But that did not happen.
                                   At this stage a new leader appeared and suggested a new mode
                                   of struggle.
                                   1.1 The Idea of Satyagraha
                                   Mahatma Gandhi returned to India in January 1915. As you know,
                                   he had come from South Africa where he had successfully fought
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                     Fig. 2 – Indian workers in South
                                                                                                                     Africa march through Volksrust, 6
                                                                                                                     November 1913.
                                                                                                                     Mahatma Gandhi was leading the
                                                                                                                     workers from Newcastle to
                                                                                                                     Transvaal. When the marchers were
                                                                                                                     stopped and Gandhiji arrested,
                                                                                                                     thousands of more workers joined
                                                                                                                     the satyagraha against racist laws
                                                                                                                     that denied rights to non-whites.
                                   54
                                                                                            2018-19


the racist regime with a novel method of mass agitation, which he          Source A
called satyagraha. The idea of satyagraha emphasised the power of
truth and the need to search for truth. It suggested that if the cause      Mahatma Gandhi on Satyagraha
was true, if the struggle was against injustice, then physical force was    ‘It is said of “passive resistance” that it is the
not necessary to fight the oppressor. Without seeking vengeance or          weapon of the weak, but the power which is
                                                                            the subject of this article can be used only
being aggressive, a satyagrahi could win the battle through non-            by the strong. This power is not passive
violence. This could be done by appealing to the conscience of the          resistance; indeed it calls for intense activity. The
oppressor. People – including the oppressors – had to be persuaded          movement in South Africa was not passive
                                                                            but active …
to see the truth, instead of being forced to accept truth through the
                                                                            ‘ Satyagraha is not physical force. A satyagrahi
use of violence. By this struggle, truth was bound to ultimately            does not inflict pain on the adversary; he does
triumph. Mahatma Gandhi believed that this dharma of non-violence           not seek his destruction … In the use of
could unite all Indians.                                                    satyagraha, there is no ill-will whatever.
                                                                            ‘ Satyagraha is pure soul-force. Truth is the very
After arriving in India, Mahatma Gandhi successfully organised              substance of the soul. That is why this force is
satyagraha movements in various places. In 1916 he travelled to             called satyagraha. The soul is informed with
                                                                            knowledge. In it burns the flame of love. … Non-
Champaran in Bihar to inspire the peasants to struggle against the
                                                                            violence is the supreme dharma …
oppressive plantation system. Then in 1917, he organised a satyagraha       ‘It is certain that India cannot rival Britain or
to support the peasants of the Kheda district of Gujarat. Affected          Europe in force of arms. The British worship the
by crop failure and a plague epidemic, the peasants of Kheda could          war-god and they can all of them become, as
                                                                            they are becoming, bearers of arms. The
not pay the revenue, and were demanding that revenue collection be
                                                                            hundreds of millions in India can never carry arms.
relaxed. In 1918, Mahatma Gandhi went to Ahmedabad to organise              They have made the religion of non-violence their
a satyagraha movement amongst cotton mill workers.                          own ...’
                                                                                                             Source
1.2 The Rowlatt Act
                                                                            Activity
Emboldened with this success, Gandhiji in 1919 decided to launch a
nationwide satyagraha against the proposed Rowlatt Act (1919). This         Read the text carefully. What did Mahatma
Act had been hurriedly passed through the Imperial Legislative              Gandhi mean when he said satyagraha is
                                                                            active resistance?
Council despite the united opposition of the Indian members. It
gave the government enormous powers to repress political activities,
and allowed detention of political prisoners without trial for two
years. Mahatma Gandhi wanted non-violent civil disobedience against
                                                                                                                                    Nationalism in India
such unjust laws, which would start with a hartal on 6 April.
Rallies were organised in various cities, workers went on strike in
railway workshops, and shops closed down. Alarmed by the popular
upsurge, and scared that lines of communication such as the railways
and telegraph would be disrupted, the British administration decided
to clamp down on nationalists. Local leaders were picked up from
Amritsar, and Mahatma Gandhi was barred from entering Delhi.
On 10 April, the police in Amritsar fired upon a peaceful procession,
provoking widespread attacks on banks, post offices and railway
stations. Martial law was imposed and General Dyer took command.
                                                                                                                               55
                                                          2018-19


                                   On 13 April the infamous Jallianwalla Bagh incident took place. On
                                   that day a large crowd gathered in the enclosed ground of Jallianwalla
                                   Bagh. Some came to protest against the government’s new repressive
                                   measures. Others had come to attend the annual Baisakhi fair. Being
                                   from outside the city, many villagers were unaware of the martial
                                   law that had been imposed. Dyer entered the area, blocked the exit
                                   points, and opened fire on the crowd, killing hundreds. His object,
                                   as he declared later, was to ‘produce a moral effect’, to create in the
                                   minds of satyagrahis a feeling of terror and awe.
                                   As the news of Jallianwalla Bagh spread, crowds took to the streets
                                   in many north Indian towns. There were strikes, clashes with the
                                   police and attacks on government buildings. The government
                                   responded with brutal repression, seeking to humiliate and terrorise
                                   people: satyagrahis were forced to rub their noses on the ground,
                                   crawl on the streets, and do salaam (salute) to all sahibs; people were
                                   flogged and villages (around Gujranwala in Punjab, now in Pakistan)
                                   were bombed. Seeing violence spread, Mahatma Gandhi called off
                                   the movement.
                                                                                                               Fig. 3 – General Dyer’s ‘crawling orders’ being
                                   While the Rowlatt satyagraha had been a widespread movement, it             administered by British soldiers, Amritsar,
                                                                                                               Punjab, 1919.
                                   was still limited mostly to cities and towns. Mahatma Gandhi now felt
                                   the need to launch a more broad-based movement in India. But he
                                   was certain that no such movement could be organised without
                                   bringing the Hindus and Muslims closer together. One way of doing
                                   this, he felt, was to take up the Khilafat issue. The First World War had
                                   ended with the defeat of Ottoman Turkey. And there were rumours
                                   that a harsh peace treaty was going to be imposed on the Ottoman
                                   emperor – the spiritual head of the Islamic world (the Khalifa). To
                                   defend the Khalifa’s temporal powers, a Khilafat Committee was
                                   formed in Bombay in March 1919. A young generation of Muslim
India and the Contemporary World
                                   leaders like the brothers Muhammad Ali and Shaukat Ali, began
                                   discussing with Mahatma Gandhi about the possibility of a united
                                   mass action on the issue. Gandhiji saw this as an opportunity to bring
                                   Muslims under the umbrella of a unified national movement. At the
                                   Calcutta session of the Congress in September 1920, he convinced
                                   other leaders of the need to start a non-cooperation movement in
                                   support of Khilafat as well as for swaraj.
                                   1.3 Why Non-cooperation?
                                   In his famous book Hind Swaraj (1909) Mahatma Gandhi declared
                                   that British rule was established in India with the cooperation of
                                   56
                                                                                               2018-19


Indians, and had survived only because of this cooperation. If Indians
refused to cooperate, British rule in India would collapse within a
year, and swaraj would come.
How could non-cooperation become a movement? Gandhiji
proposed that the movement should unfold in stages. It should begin
with the surrender of titles that the government awarded, and a             New words
boycott of civil services, army, police, courts and legislative councils,
                                                                            Boycott – The refusal to deal and associate with
schools, and foreign goods. Then, in case the government used
                                                                            people, or participate in activities, or buy and
repression, a full civil disobedience campaign would be launched.
                                                                            use things; usually a form of protest
Through the summer of 1920 Mahatma Gandhi and Shaukat Ali
toured extensively, mobilising popular support for the movement.
Many within the Congress were, however, concerned about the
proposals. They were reluctant to boycott the council elections
scheduled for November 1920, and they feared that the movement
might lead to popular violence. In the months between September
and December there was an intense tussle within the Congress. For a
while there seemed no meeting point between the supporters and
the opponents of the movement. Finally, at the Congress session at
Nagpur in December 1920, a compromise was worked out and
the Non-Cooperation programme was adopted.
How did the movement unfold? Who participated in it? How did
different social groups conceive of the idea of Non-Cooperation?
                                                                                                                               Nationalism in India
                                                                                           Fig. 4 – The boycott of foreign
                                                                                           cloth, July 1922.
                                                                                           Foreign cloth was seen as the
                                                                                           symbol of Western economic
                                                                                           and cultural domination.
                                                                                                                          57
                                                           2018-19


                                    2 Differing Strands within the Movement
                                   The Non-Cooperation-Khilafat Movement began in January 1921.
                                   Various social groups participated in this movement, each with its
                                   own specific aspiration. All of them responded to the call of Swaraj,
                                   but the term meant different things to different people.
                                   2.1 The Movement in the Towns
                                   The movement started with middle-class participation in the cities.
                                   Thousands of students left government-controlled schools and
                                   colleges, headmasters and teachers resigned, and lawyers gave up
                                   their legal practices. The council elections were boycotted in most
                                   provinces except Madras, where the Justice Party, the party of the
                                   non-Brahmans, felt that entering the council was one way of gaining
                                   some power – something that usually only Brahmans had access to.
                                   The effects of non-cooperation on the economic front were more
                                                                                                              New words
                                   dramatic. Foreign goods were boycotted, liquor shops picketed,
                                   and foreign cloth burnt in huge bonfires. The import of foreign            Picket – A form of demonstration or protest
                                   cloth halved between 1921 and 1922, its value dropping from                by which people block the entrance to a shop,
                                   Rs 102 crore to Rs 57 crore. In many places merchants and traders          factory or office
                                   refused to trade in foreign goods or finance foreign trade. As the
                                   boycott movement spread, and people began discarding imported
                                   clothes and wearing only Indian ones, production of Indian textile
                                   mills and handlooms went up.
                                   But this movement in the cities gradually slowed down for a variety
                                   of reasons. Khadi cloth was often more expensive than mass-
                                   produced mill cloth and poor people could not afford to buy it.
                                                                                                              Activity
India and the Contemporary World
                                   How then could they boycott mill cloth for too long? Similarly the
                                   boycott of British institutions posed a problem. For the movement          The year is 1921. You are a student in a
                                   to be successful, alternative Indian institutions had to be set up         government-controlled school. Design a
                                                                                                              poster urging school students to answer
                                   so that they could be used in place of the British ones. These were
                                                                                                              Gandhiji’s call to join the Non-Cooperation
                                   slow to come up. So students and teachers began trickling
                                                                                                              Movement.
                                   back to government schools and lawyers joined back work in
                                   government courts.
                                   2.2 Rebellion in the Countryside
                                   From the cities, the Non-Cooperation Movement spread to the
                                   countryside. It drew into its fold the struggles of peasants and tribals
                                   58
                                                                                              2018-19


which were developing in different parts of India in the years
after the war.
In Awadh, peasants were led by Baba Ramchandra – a sanyasi who
had earlier been to Fiji as an indentured labourer. The movement           New words
here was against talukdars and landlords who demanded from                 Begar – Labour that villagers were forced to
peasants exorbitantly high rents and a variety of other cesses. Peasants   contribute without any payment
had to do begar and work at landlords’ farms without any payment.
As tenants they had no security of tenure, being regularly evicted so
that they could acquire no right over the leased land. The peasant
movement demanded reduction of revenue, abolition of begar, and
social boycott of oppressive landlords. In many places nai – dhobi         Activity
bandhs were organised by panchayats to deprive landlords of the            If you were a peasant in Uttar Pradesh in 1920,
services of even barbers and washermen. In June 1920, Jawaharlal           how would you have responded to Gandhiji’s
                                                                           call for Swaraj? Give reasons for your response.
Nehru began going around the villages in Awadh, talking to the
villagers, and trying to understand their grievances. By October, the
Oudh Kisan Sabha was set up headed by Jawaharlal Nehru, Baba
Ramchandra and a few others. Within a month, over 300 branches
had been set up in the villages around the region. So when the Non-        In 1928, Vallabhbhai Patel led the peasant
Cooperation Movement began the following year, the effort of the           movement in Bardoli, a taluka in Gujarat, against
Congress was to integrate the Awadh peasant struggle into the wider        enhancement of land revenue. Known as the
                                                                           Bardoli Satyagraha, this movement was a success
struggle. The peasant movement, however, developed in forms that           under the able leadership of Vallabhbhai Patel.
the Congress leadership was unhappy with. As the movement spread           The struggle was widely publicised and
in 1921, the houses of talukdars and merchants were attacked,              generated immense sympathy in many parts
                                                                           of India.
bazaars were looted, and grain hoards were taken over. In many
places local leaders told peasants that Gandhiji had declared that
no taxes were to be paid and land was to be redistributed among
the poor. The name of the Mahatma was being invoked to sanction
all action and aspirations.
Source B
                                                                                                                               Nationalism in India
 On 6 January 1921, the police in United Provinces fired at peasants near Rae Bareli. Jawaharlal Nehru wanted to go to
 the place of firing, but was stopped by the police. Agitated and angry, Nehru addressed the peasants who gathered
 around him. This is how he later described the meeting:
 ‘They behaved as brave men, calm and unruffled in the face of danger. I do not know how they felt but I know what
 my feelings were. For a moment my blood was up, non-violence was almost forgotten – but for a moment only. The
 thought of the great leader, who by God’s goodness has been sent to lead us to victory, came to me, and I saw the
 kisans seated and standing near me, less excited, more peaceful than I was – and the moment of weakness passed, I
 spoke to them in all humility on non-violence – I needed the lesson more than they – and they heeded me and
 peacefully dispersed.’
 Quoted in Sarvapalli Gopal, Jawaharlal Nehru: A Biography, Vol. I.
                                                                                            Source
                                                                                                                          59
                                                          2018-19


                                   Tribal peasants interpreted the message of Mahatma Gandhi and
                                   the idea of swaraj in yet another way. In the Gudem Hills of Andhra
                                   Pradesh, for instance, a militant guerrilla movement spread in
                                   the early 1920s – not a form of struggle that the Congress could
                                   approve. Here, as in other forest regions, the colonial government
                                   had closed large forest areas, preventing people from entering
                                   the forests to graze their cattle, or to collect fuelwood and fruits.
                                   This enraged the hill people. Not only were their livelihoods
                                   affected but they felt that their traditional rights were being denied.
                                   When the government began forcing them to contribute begar
                                   for road building, the hill people revolted. The person who came
                                   to lead them was an interesting figure. Alluri Sitaram Raju claimed
                                   that he had a variety of special powers: he could make correct
                                   astrological predictions and heal people, and he could survive
                                   even bullet shots. Captivated by Raju, the rebels proclaimed that
                                   he was an incarnation of God. Raju talked of the greatness of
                                   Mahatma Gandhi, said he was inspired by the Non-Cooperation
                                   Movement, and persuaded people to wear khadi and give up drinking.
                                   But at the same time he asserted that India could be liberated only
                                   by the use of force, not non-violence. The Gudem rebels attacked
                                   police stations, attempted to kill British officials and carried on
                                   guerrilla warfare for achieving swaraj. Raju was captured and
                                   executed in 1924, and over time became a folk hero.
                                   2.3 Swaraj in the Plantations
                                   Workers too had their own understanding of Mahatma Gandhi
                                   and the notion of swaraj. For plantation workers in Assam, freedom        Activity
                                   meant the right to move freely in and out of the confined space in        Find out about other participants in the
India and the Contemporary World
                                   which they were enclosed, and it meant retaining a link with the          National Movement who were captured and
                                   village from which they had come. Under the Inland Emigration             put to death by the British. Can you think of a
                                   Act of 1859, plantation workers were not permitted to leave the           similar example from the national movement
                                                                                                             in Indo-China (Chapter 2)?
                                   tea gardens without permission, and in fact they were rarely given
                                   such permission. When they heard of the Non-Cooperation
                                   Movement, thousands of workers defied the authorities, left the
                                   plantations and headed home. They believed that Gandhi Raj was
                                   coming and everyone would be given land in their own villages.
                                   They, however, never reached their destination. Stranded on the way
                                   by a railway and steamer strike, they were caught by the police and
                                   brutally beaten up.
                                   60
                                                                                             2018-19


The visions of these movements were not defined by the Congress
programme. They interpreted the term swaraj in their own ways,
imagining it to be a time when all suffering and all troubles would
be over. Yet, when the tribals chanted Gandhiji’s name and raised
slogans demanding ‘Swatantra Bharat’, they were also emotionally
relating to an all-India agitation. When they acted in the name of
Mahatma Gandhi, or linked their movement to that of the Congress,
they were identifying with a movement which went beyond the limits
of their immediate locality.
 Fig. 5 – Chauri Chaura, 1922.
 At Chauri Chaura in Gorakhpur, a peaceful demonstration in a bazaar turned into a
 violent clash with the police. Hearing of the incident, Mahatma Gandhi called a halt
 to the Non-Cooperation Movement.
                                                                                             Nationalism in India
                                                                                        61
                                                        2018-19


                                    3 Towards Civil Disobedience
                                   In February 1922, Mahatma Gandhi decided to withdraw the
                                                                                                             Lala Lajpat Rai was assaulted by the British police
                                   Non-Cooperation Movement. He felt the movement was turning
                                                                                                             during a peaceful demonstration against the
                                   violent in many places and satyagrahis needed to be properly trained      Simon Commission. He succumbed to injuries
                                   before they would be ready for mass struggles. Within the Congress,       that were inflicted on him during the
                                                                                                             demonstration.
                                   some leaders were by now tired of mass struggles and wanted to
                                   participate in elections to the provincial councils that had been set
                                   up by the Government of India Act of 1919. They felt that it was
                                   important to oppose British policies within the councils, argue for
                                   reform and also demonstrate that these councils were not truly
                                   democratic. C. R. Das and Motilal Nehru formed the Swaraj Party
                                   within the Congress to argue for a return to council politics. But
                                   younger leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhas Chandra Bose
                                   pressed for more radical mass agitation and for full independence.
                                   In such a situation of internal debate and dissension two factors
                                   again shaped Indian politics towards the late 1920s. The first was
                                   the effect of the worldwide economic depression. Agricultural prices
                                   began to fall from 1926 and collapsed after 1930. As the demand
                                   for agricultural goods fell and exports declined, peasants found it
                                   difficult to sell their harvests and pay their revenue. By 1930, the
                                   countryside was in turmoil.
                                   Against this background the new Tory government in Britain
                                   constituted a Statutory Commission under Sir John Simon. Set up
                                   in response to the nationalist movement, the
                                   commission was to look into the functioning of
                                   the constitutional system in India and suggest
                                   changes. The problem was that the commission
                                   did not have a single Indian member. They were
India and the Contemporary World
                                   all British.
                                   When the Simon Commission arrived in India in
                                   1928, it was greeted with the slogan ‘Go back
                                   Simon’. All parties, including the Congress and the
                                   Muslim League, participated in the demonstrations.
                                   In an effort to win them over, the viceroy, Lord
                                   Irwin, announced in October 1929, a vague offer
                                   of ‘dominion status’ for India in an unspecified
                                   future, and a Round Table Conference to discuss a        Fig. 6 – Meeting of Congress leaders at Allahabad, 1931.
                                                                                            Apart from Mahatma Gandhi, you can see Sardar Vallabhbhai
                                   future constitution. This did not satisfy the Congress   Patel (extreme left), Jawaharlal Nehru (extreme right) and Subhas
                                   leaders. The radicals within the Congress, led by        Chandra Bose (fifth from right).
                                   62
                                                                                            2018-19


Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhas Chandra Bose, became more assertive.          Source C
The liberals and moderates, who were proposing a constitutional
system within the framework of British dominion, gradually lost            The Independence Day Pledge, 26 January
their influence. In December 1929, under the presidency of Jawaharlal      1930
Nehru, the Lahore Congress formalised the demand of ‘Purna                 ‘We believe that it is the inalienable right of the
                                                                           Indian people, as of any other people, to have
Swaraj’ or full independence for India. It was declared that 26 January    freedom and to enjoy the fruits of their toil and
1930, would be celebrated as the Independence Day when people              have the necessities of life, so that they may
were to take a pledge to struggle for complete independence. But           have full opportunities of growth. We believe
                                                                           also that if any government deprives a people of
the celebrations attracted very little attention. So Mahatma Gandhi        these rights and oppresses them, the people
had to find a way to relate this abstract idea of freedom to more          have a further right to alter it or to abolish it.
concrete issues of everyday life.                                          The British Government in India has not only
                                                                           deprived the Indian people of their freedom but
                                                                           has based itself on the exploitation of the masses,
3.1 The Salt March and the Civil Disobedience Movement                     and has ruined India economically, politically,
                                                                           culturally, and spiritually. We believe, therefore,
Mahatma Gandhi found in salt a powerful symbol that could unite            that India must sever the British connection and
                                                                           attain Purna Swaraj or Complete Independence.’
the nation. On 31 January 1930, he sent a letter to Viceroy Irwin
stating eleven demands. Some of these were of general interest;                                            Source
others were specific demands of different classes, from industrialists
to peasants. The idea was to make the demands wide-ranging, so
that all classes within Indian society could identify with them and
everyone could be brought together in a united campaign. The most
stirring of all was the demand to abolish the salt tax. Salt was
something consumed by the rich and the poor alike, and it was one
of the most essential items of food. The tax on salt and the
government monopoly over its production, Mahatma Gandhi
declared, revealed the most oppressive face of British rule.
Mahatma Gandhi’s letter was, in a way, an ultimatum. If the
demands were not fulfilled by 11 March, the letter stated, the
Congress would launch a civil disobedience campaign. Irwin was
unwilling to negotiate. So Mahatma Gandhi started his famous
salt march accompanied by 78 of his trusted volunteers. The march
                                                                                                                                  Nationalism in India
was over 240 miles, from Gandhiji’s ashram in Sabarmati to the
Gujarati coastal town of Dandi. The volunteers walked for 24 days,
about 10 miles a day. Thousands came to hear Mahatma Gandhi
wherever he stopped, and he told them what he meant by swaraj
and urged them to peacefully defy the British. On 6 April he reached
Dandi, and ceremonially violated the law, manufacturing salt by
boiling sea water.
This marked the beginning of the Civil Disobedience Movement.
How was this movement different from the Non-Cooperation
Movement? People were now asked not only to refuse cooperation
                                                                                                                             63
                                                          2018-19


                                                                                                                            Fig. 7 – The Dandi march.
                                                                                                                            During the salt march Mahatma
                                                                                                                            Gandhi was accompanied by
                                                                                                                            78 volunteers. On the way
                                                                                                                            they were joined by thousands.
                                   with the British, as they had done in 1921-22, but also to break
                                   colonial laws. Thousands in different parts of the country broke
                                   the salt law, manufactured salt and demonstrated in front of
                                   government salt factories. As the movement spread, foreign cloth
                                   was boycotted, and liquor shops were picketed. Peasants refused to
                                   pay revenue and chaukidari taxes, village officials resigned, and in
                                   many places forest people violated forest laws – going into Reserved
                                   Forests to collect wood and graze cattle.
                                   Worried by the developments, the colonial government began
                                   arresting the Congress leaders one by one. This led to violent clashes
                                   in many palaces. When Abdul Ghaffar Khan, a devout disciple of
                                   Mahatma Gandhi, was arrested in April 1930, angry crowds
                                   demonstrated in the streets of Peshawar, facing armoured cars and
India and the Contemporary World
                                   police firing. Many were killed. A month later, when Mahatma
                                   Gandhi himself was arrested, industrial workers in Sholapur attacked
                                   police posts, municipal buildings, lawcourts and railway stations –
                                   all structures that symbolised British rule. A frightened government
                                   responded with a policy of brutal repression. Peaceful satyagrahis
                                   were attacked, women and children were beaten, and about 100,000
                                   people were arrested.
                                   In such a situation, Mahatma Gandhi once again decided to call off
                                   the movement and entered into a pact with Irwin on 5 March 1931.
                                   By this Gandhi-Irwin Pact, Gandhiji consented to participate in a        Fig. 8 – Police cracked down on satyagrahis,
                                   Round Table Conference (the Congress had boycotted the first             1930.
                                   64
                                                                                            2018-19


Round Table Conference) in London and the government agreed to Box 1
release the political prisoners. In December 1931, Gandhiji went to
                                                                       ‘To the altar of this revolution we have
London for the conference, but the negotiations broke down and
                                                                       brought our youth as incense’
he returned disappointed. Back in India, he discovered that the
                                                                       Many nationalists thought that the struggle
government had begun a new cycle of repression. Ghaffar Khan           against the British could not be won through
and Jawaharlal Nehru were both in jail, the Congress had been          non-violence. In 1928, the Hindustan Socialist
                                                                       Republican Army (HSRA) was founded at a
declared illegal, and a series of measures had been imposed to prevent
                                                                       meeting in Ferozeshah Kotla ground in Delhi.
meetings, demonstrations and boycotts. With great apprehension,        Amongst its leaders were Bhagat Singh, Jatin
Mahatma Gandhi relaunched the Civil Disobedience Movement.             Das and Ajoy Ghosh. In a series of dramatic
                                                                       actions in different parts of India, the HSRA
For over a year, the movement continued, but by 1934 it lost
                                                                       targeted some of the symbols of British power.
its momentum.                                                          In April 1929, Bhagat Singh and Batukeswar
                                                                          Dutta threw a bomb in the Legislative Assembly.
                                                                          In the same year there was an attempt to blow
3.2 How Participants saw the Movement                                     up the train that Lord Irwin was travelling in.
                                                                          Bhagat Singh was 23 when he was tried and
Let us now look at the different social groups that participated in the   executed by the colonial government. During
Civil Disobedience Movement. Why did they join the movement?              his trial, Bhagat Singh stated that he did not
                                                                          wish to glorify ‘the cult of the bomb and pistol’
What were their ideals? What did swaraj mean to them?
                                                                          but wanted a revolution in society:
In the countryside, rich peasant communities – like the Patidars of       ‘Revolution is the inalienable right of mankind.
Gujarat and the Jats of Uttar Pradesh – were active in the movement.      Freedom is the imprescriptible birthright of all.
                                                                          The labourer is the real sustainer of society …
Being producers of commercial crops, they were very hard hit by           To the altar of this revolution we have brought
the trade depression and falling prices. As their cash income             our youth as incense, for no sacrifice is too
disappeared, they found it impossible to pay the government’s revenue     great for so magnificent a cause. We are
                                                                          content. We await the advent of revolution.
demand. And the refusal of the government to reduce the revenue           Inquilab Zindabad!’
demand led to widespread resentment. These rich peasants became
enthusiastic supporters of the Civil Disobedience Movement,
organising their communities, and at times forcing reluctant members,
to participate in the boycott programmes. For them the fight for
swaraj was a struggle against high revenues. But they were deeply
disappointed when the movement was called off in 1931 without
the revenue rates being revised. So when the movement was restarted
in 1932, many of them refused to participate.
                                                                                                                              Nationalism in India
The poorer peasantry were not just interested in the lowering of the
revenue demand. Many of them were small tenants cultivating land
they had rented from landlords. As the Depression continued and
cash incomes dwindled, the small tenants found it difficult to pay
their rent. They wanted the unpaid rent to the landlord to be remitted.
They joined a variety of radical movements, often led by Socialists
and Communists. Apprehensive of raising issues that might upset
the rich peasants and landlords, the Congress was unwilling to support
‘no rent’ campaigns in most places. So the relationship between the
poor peasants and the Congress remained uncertain.
                                                                                                                         65
                                                         2018-19


                                   What about the business classes? How did they relate to the Civil
                                   Disobedience Movement? During the First World War, Indian
                                                                                                                Some important dates
                                   merchants and industrialists had made huge profits and become
                                   powerful (see Chapter 5). Keen on expanding their business, they             1918-19
                                   now reacted against colonial policies that restricted business activities.   Distressed UP peasants organised by Baba
                                   They wanted protection against imports of foreign goods, and a               Ramchandra.
                                   rupee-sterling foreign exchange ratio that would discourage imports.         April 1919
                                   To organise business interests, they formed the Indian Industrial            Gandhian hartal against Rowlatt Act; Jallianwala
                                   and Commercial Congress in 1920 and the Federation of the Indian             Bagh massacre.
                                   Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FICCI) in 1927. Led by                   January 1921
                                   prominent industrialists like Purshottamdas Thakurdas and                    Non-Cooperation and Khilafat movement
                                   G. D. Birla, the industrialists attacked colonial control over the Indian    launched.
                                   economy, and supported the Civil Disobedience Movement when                  February 1922
                                   it was first launched. They gave financial assistance and refused to         Chauri Chaura; Gandhiji withdraws Non-
                                   buy or sell imported goods. Most businessmen came to see swaraj              Cooperation movement.
                                   as a time when colonial restrictions on business would no longer             May 1924
                                   exist and trade and industry would flourish without constraints. But         Alluri Sitarama Raju arrested ending a two-year
                                   after the failure of the Round Table Conference, business groups             armed tribal struggle.
                                   were no longer uniformly enthusiastic. They were apprehensive of             December 1929
                                   the spread of militant activities, and worried about prolonged               Lahore Congress; Congress adopts the demand
                                   disruption of business, as well as of the growing influence of               for ‘Purna Swaraj’.
                                   socialism amongst the younger members of the Congress.                       1930
                                   The industrial working classes did not participate in the Civil              Ambedkar establishes Depressed Classes
                                   Disobedience Movement in large numbers, except in the Nagpur                 Association.
                                   region. As the industrialists came closer to the Congress, workers           March 1930
                                   stayed aloof. But in spite of that, some workers did participate in          Gandhiji begins Civil Disobedience Movement by
                                   the Civil Disobedience Movement, selectively adopting some of                breaking salt law at Dandi.
                                   the ideas of the Gandhian programme, like boycott of foreign                 March 1931
                                   goods, as part of their own movements against low wages and                  Gandhiji ends Civil Disobedience Movement.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   poor working conditions. There were strikes by railway workers in            December 1931
                                   1930 and dockworkers in 1932. In 1930 thousands of workers in                Second Round Table Conference.
                                   Chotanagpur tin mines wore Gandhi caps and participated in protest           1932
                                   rallies and boycott campaigns. But the Congress was reluctant to
                                                                                                                Civil Disobedience re-launched.
                                   include workers’ demands as part of its programme of struggle.
                                   It felt that this would alienate industrialists and divide the anti-
                                   imperial forces.
                                   Another important feature of the Civil Disobedience Movement
                                   was the large-scale participation of women. During Gandhiji’s salt
                                   march, thousands of women came out of their homes to listen to
                                   him. They participated in protest marches, manufactured salt, and
                                   66
                                                                                                2018-19


                                                                                              Fig. 9 – Women join
                                                                                              nationalist processions.
                                                                                              During the national
                                                                                              movement, many women,
                                                                                              for the first time in their
                                                                                              lives, moved out of their
                                                                                              homes on to a public arena.
                                                                                              Amongst the marchers you
                                                                                              can see many old women,
                                                                                              and mothers with children in
                                                                                              their arms.
picketed foreign cloth and liquor shops. Many went to jail. In urban
areas these women were from high-caste families; in rural areas
they came from rich peasant households. Moved by Gandhiji’s call,
they began to see service to the nation as a sacred duty of women.
Yet, this increased public role did not necessarily mean any radical
change in the way the position of women was visualised. Gandhiji
was convinced that it was the duty of women to look after home
                                                                           Discuss
and hearth, be good mothers and good wives. And for a long time
the Congress was reluctant to allow women to hold any position             Why did various classes and groups of Indians
                                                                           participate in the Civil Disobedience
of authority within the organisation. It was keen only on their
                                                                           Movement?
symbolic presence.
                                                                                                                             Nationalism in India
3.3 The Limits of Civil Disobedience
Not all social groups were moved by the abstract concept of swaraj.
One such group was the nation’s ‘untouchables’, who from around
the 1930s had begun to call themselves dalit or oppressed. For
long the Congress had ignored the dalits, for fear of offending the
sanatanis, the conservative high-caste Hindus. But Mahatma Gandhi
declared that swaraj would not come for a hundred years if
untouchability was not eliminated. He called the ‘untouchables’ harijan,
                                                                                                                        67
                                                          2018-19


                                   or the children of God, organised satyagraha to secure them entry
                                   into temples, and access to public wells, tanks, roads and schools.
                                   He himself cleaned toilets to dignify the work of the bhangi (the
                                   sweepers), and persuaded upper castes to change their heart and
                                   give up ‘the sin of untouchability’. But many dalit leaders were keen
                                   on a different political solution to the problems of the community.
                                   They began organising themselves, demanding reserved seats in
                                   educational institutions, and a separate electorate that would choose
                                   dalit members for legislative councils. Political empowerment, they
                                   believed, would resolve the problems of their social disabilities.
                                   Dalit participation in the Civil Disobedience Movement was
                                   therefore limited, particularly in the Maharashtra and Nagpur region
                                   where their organisation was quite strong.
                                   Dr B.R. Ambedkar, who organised the dalits into the Depressed
                                   Classes Association in 1930, clashed with Mahatma Gandhi at
                                   the second Round Table Conference by demanding separate
                                   electorates for dalits. When the British government conceded
                                   Ambedkar’s demand, Gandhiji began a fast unto death. He believed
                                   that separate electorates for dalits would slow down the process of
                                   their integration into society. Ambedkar ultimately accepted Gandhiji’s
                                   position and the result was the Poona Pact of September 1932.
                                   It gave the Depressed Classes (later to be known as the Schedule
                                   Castes) reserved seats in provincial and central legislative councils,
                                   but they were to be voted in by the general electorate. The dalit
                                   movement, however, continued to be apprehensive of the Congress-
                                   led national movement.
                                   Some of the Muslim political organisations in India were also
                                   lukewarm in their response to the Civil Disobedience Movement.
                                   After the decline of the Non-Cooperation-Khilafat movement, a
India and the Contemporary World
                                   large section of Muslims felt alienated from the Congress. From the
                                   mid-1920s the Congress came to be more visibly associated with
                                   openly Hindu religious nationalist groups like the Hindu Mahasabha.
                                   As relations between Hindus and Muslims worsened, each
                                   community organised religious processions with militant fervour,
                                   provoking Hindu-Muslim communal clashes and riots in various
                                   cities. Every riot deepened the distance between the two communities.
                                   The Congress and the Muslim League made efforts to renegotiate
                                   an alliance, and in 1927 it appeared that such a unity could be forged.   Fig. 10 – Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru
                                   The important differences were over the question of representation        and Maulana Azad at Sevagram Ashram,
                                                                                                             Wardha, 1935.
                                   in the future assemblies that were to be elected. Muhammad Ali
                                   68
                                                                                             2018-19


Jinnah, one of the leaders of the Muslim League, was willing to give
up the demand for separate electorates, if Muslims were assured
reserved seats in the Central Assembly and representation in
proportion to population in the Muslim-dominated provinces (Bengal
and Punjab). Negotiations over the question of representation
continued but all hope of resolving the issue at the All Parties
Conference in 1928 disappeared when M.R. Jayakar of the Hindu
Mahasabha strongly opposed efforts at compromise.
When the Civil Disobedience Movement started there was thus
an atmosphere of suspicion and distrust between communities.
Alienated from the Congress, large sections of Muslims could not
respond to the call for a united struggle. Many Muslim leaders and
intellectuals expressed their concern about the status of Muslims
as a minority within India. They feared that the culture and identity
of minorities would be submerged under the domination of a
Hindu majority.
Source D
 In 1930, Sir Muhammad Iqbal, as president of the Muslim League, reiterated the importance of separate electorates for
 the Muslims as an important safeguard for their minority political interests. His statement is supposed to have provided the
 intellectual justification for the Pakistan demand that came up in subsequent years. This is what he said:
 ‘I have no hesitation in declaring that if the principle that the Indian Muslim is entitled to full and free development on the
 lines of his own culture and tradition in his own Indian home-lands is recognised as the basis of a permanent communal
 settlement, he will be ready to stake his all for the freedom of India. The principle that each group is entitled to free
 development on its own lines is not inspired by any feeling of narrow communalism … A community which is inspired by
 feelings of ill-will towards other communities is low and ignoble. I entertain the highest respect for the customs, laws,
 religions and social institutions of other communities. Nay, it is my duty according to the teachings of the Quran, even to
 defend their places of worship, if need be. Yet I love the communal group which is the source of life and behaviour and
 which has formed me what I am by giving me its religion, its literature, its thought, its culture and thereby its whole past
 as a living operative factor in my present consciousness …
 ‘Communalism in its higher aspect, then, is indispensable to the formation of a harmonious whole in a country like India.
 The units of Indian society are not territorial as in European countries … The principle of European democracy cannot be
 applied to India without recognising the fact of communal groups. The Muslim demand for the creation of a Muslim India
                                                                                                                                    Nationalism in India
 within India is, therefore, perfectly justified…
 ‘The Hindu thinks that separate electorates are contrary to the spirit of true nationalism, because he understands the
 word “nation” to mean a kind of universal amalgamation in which no communal entity ought to retain its private individuality.
 Such a state of things, however, does not exist. India is a land of racial and religious variety. Add to this the general
 economic inferiority of the Muslims, their enormous debt, especially in the Punjab, and their insufficient majorities in some
 of the provinces, as at present constituted and you will begin to see clearly the meaning of our anxiety to retain separate
 electorates.’
                                                                                                  Source
 Discuss
 Read the Source D carefully. Do you agree with Iqbal’s idea of communalism? Can you define communalism in a
 different way?
                                                                                                                               69
                                                           2018-19


                                   4 The Sense of Collective Belonging
                                                                                                              Fig. 11 – Bal Gangadhar Tilak,
                                                                                                              an early-twentieth-century print.
                                                                                                              Notice how Tilak is surrounded by symbols of
                                                                                                              unity. The sacred institutions of different faiths
                                                                                                              (temple, church, masjid) frame the central figure.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Nationalism spreads when people begin to believe that they are all
                                   part of the same nation, when they discover some unity that binds
                                   them together. But how did the nation become a reality in the minds
                                   of people? How did people belonging to different communities,
                                   regions or language groups develop a sense of collective belonging?
                                   This sense of collective belonging came partly through the experience
                                   of united struggles. But there were also a variety of cultural processes
                                   through which nationalism captured people’s imagination. History
                                   and fiction, folklore and songs, popular prints and symbols, all played
                                   a part in the making of nationalism.
                                   70
                                                                                              2018-19


The identity of the nation, as you know (see Chapter 1), is most
often symbolised in a figure or image. This helps create an image
with which people can identify the nation. It was in the twentieth
century, with the growth of nationalism, that the identity of India
came to be visually associated with the image of Bharat Mata. The
image was first created by Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay. In the
1870s he wrote ‘Vande Mataram’ as a hymn to the motherland.
Later it was included in his novel Anandamath and widely sung during
the Swadeshi movement in Bengal. Moved by the Swadeshi
movement, Abanindranath Tagore painted his famous image of
Bharat Mata (see Fig. 12). In this painting Bharat Mata is portrayed
as an ascetic figure; she is calm, composed, divine and spiritual.
In subsequent years, the image of Bharat Mata acquired many
different forms, as it circulated in popular prints, and was painted
by different artists (see Fig. 14). Devotion to this mother figure came
to be seen as evidence of one’s nationalism.
Ideas of nationalism also developed through a movement to revive
Indian folklore. In late-nineteenth-century India, nationalists began
recording folk tales sung by bards and they toured villages to gather
folk songs and legends. These tales, they believed, gave a true picture
of traditional culture that had been corrupted and damaged by
outside forces. It was essential to preserve this folk tradition in
order to discover one’s national identity and restore a sense of pride
                                                                          Fig. 12 – Bharat Mata, Abanindranath Tagore,
in one’s past. In Bengal, Rabindranath Tagore himself began collecting    1905.
ballads, nursery rhymes and myths, and led the movement for folk          Notice that the mother figure here is shown as
                                                                          dispensing learning, food and clothing. The mala
                                                                          in one hand emphasises her ascetic quality.
                                                                          Abanindranath Tagore, like Ravi Varma before
                                                                          him, tried to develop a style of painting that
                                                                          could be seen as truly Indian.
                                                                                                                                  Nationalism in India
                                             Fig. 13 – Jawaharlal Nehru, a popular print.
                                             Nehru is here shown holding the image of Bharat Mata and the map of India
                                             close to his heart. In a lot of popular prints, nationalist leaders are shown
                                             offering their heads to Bharat Mata. The idea of sacrifice for the mother was
                                             powerful within popular imagination.
                                                                                                                             71
                                                          2018-19


                                   revival. In Madras, Natesa Sastri published a massive four-volume
                                   collection of Tamil folk tales, The Folklore of Southern India. He believed
                                   that folklore was national literature; it was ‘the most trustworthy
                                   manifestation of people’s real thoughts and characteristics’.
                                   As the national movement developed, nationalist leaders became
                                   more and more aware of such icons and symbols in unifying people
                                   and inspiring in them a feeling of nationalism. During the Swadeshi
                                   movement in Bengal, a tricolour flag (red, green and yellow) was
                                   designed. It had eight lotuses representing eight provinces of British
                                   India, and a crescent moon, representing Hindus and Muslims. By
                                   1921, Gandhiji had designed the Swaraj flag. It was again a tricolour
                                   (red, green and white) and had a spinning wheel in the centre,
                                   representing the Gandhian ideal of self-help. Carrying the flag,
                                   holding it aloft, during marches became a symbol of defiance.
                                   Another means of creating a feeling of nationalism was through
                                   reinterpretation of history. By the end of the nineteenth century
                                   many Indians began feeling that to instill a sense of pride in the
                                   nation, Indian history had to be thought about differently. The British
                                                                                                                 Fig. 14a – Bharat Mata.
                                   saw Indians as backward and primitive, incapable of governing                 This figure of Bharat Mata is a contrast to the
                                   themselves. In response, Indians began looking into the past to               one painted by Abanindranath Tagore. Here she
                                                                                                                 is shown with a trishul, standing beside a lion
                                   discover India’s great achievements. They wrote about the glorious            and an elephant – both symbols of power and
                                   developments in ancient times when art and architecture, science              authority.
                                   and mathematics, religion and culture, law and philosophy, crafts
                                   and trade had flourished. This glorious time, in their view, was
                                   followed by a history of decline, when India was colonised. These              Activity
                                   nationalist histories urged the readers to take pride in India’s great         Look at Figs. 12 and 14. Do you think these
                                   achievements in the past and struggle to change the miserable                  images will appeal to all castes and communities?
                                   conditions of life under British rule.                                         Explain your views briefly.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   These efforts to unify people were not without problems. When the
                                   past being glorified was Hindu, when the images celebrated were
                                   drawn from Hindu iconography, then people of other communities
                                   felt left out.
                                   Source E
                                     ‘In earlier times, foreign travellers in India marvelled at the courage, truthfulness and modesty of the people of the Arya
                                     vamsa; now they remark mainly on the absence of those qualities. In those days Hindus would set out on conquest and
                                     hoist their flags in Tartar, China and other countries; now a few soldiers from a tiny island far away are lording it over the
                                     land of India.’
                                     Tarinicharan Chattopadhyay, Bharatbarsher Itihas (The History of Bharatbarsh), vol. 1, 1858.
                                                                                                                                                Source
                                   72
                                                                                                 2018-19


Conclusion
A growing anger against the colonial government was thus
bringing together various groups and classes of Indians into a
common struggle for freedom in the first half of the twentieth
century. The Congress under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi
tried to channel people’s grievances into organised movements
for independence. Through such movements the nationalists
tried to forge a national unity. But as we have seen, diverse groups
and classes participated in these movements with varied aspirations
and expectations. As their
grievances were wide-ranging,
freedom from colonial rule also
meant different things to
different people. The Congress
continuously attempted to
resolve differences, and ensure
that the demands of one group
did not alienate another. This is
precisely why the unity within
the movement often broke down.
The high points of Congress
activity and nationalist unity
were followed by phases of
disunity and inner conflict
between groups.
In other words, what was emerging was a nation with many                   Fig. 14b
                                                                           Women’s procession in Bombay during the Quit
voices wanting freedom from colonial rule.                                 India Movement
                                                    Quit India Movement
                                                                                                                                Nationalism in India
     The failure of the Cripps Mission and the effects of World War II created widespread discontentment in India. This
     led Gandhiji to launch a movement calling for complete withdrawal of the British from India. The Congress Working
     Committee, in its meeting in Wardha on 14 July 1942, passed the historic ‘Quit India’ resolution demanding the
     immediate transfer of power to Indians and quit India. On 8 August 1942 in Bombay, the All India Congress Committee
     endorsed the resolution which called for a non-violent mass struggle on the widest possible scale throughout the
     country. It was on this occasion that Gandhiji delivered the famous ‘Do or Die’ speech. The call for ‘Quit India’ almost
     brought the state machinery to a standstill in large parts of the country as people voluntarily threw themselves into
     the thick of the movement. People observed hartals, and demonstrations and processions were accompanied by
     national songs and slogans. The movement was truly a mass movement which brought into its ambit thousands of
     ordinary people, namely students, workers and peasants. It also saw the active participation of leaders, namely,
     Jayprakash Narayan, Aruna Asaf Ali and Ram Manohar Lohia and many women such as Matangini Hazra in Bengal,
     Kanaklata Barua in Assam and Rama Devi in Odisha. The British responded with much force, yet it took more than a
     year to suppress the movement.
                                                                                                                           73
                                                         2018-19


                                    Write in brief
                                        1. Explain:
                                           a) Why growth of nationalism in the colonies is linked to an anti-colonial movement.
                                           b) How the First World War helped in the growth of the National Movement in India.
                                           c) Why Indians were outraged by the Rowlatt Act.
                                                                                                                                  Write in brief
                                           d) Why Gandhiji decided to withdraw the Non-Cooperation Movement.
                                        2. What is meant by the idea of satyagraha?
                                        3. Write a newspaper report on:
                                           a) The Jallianwala Bagh massacre
                                           b) The Simon Commission
                                        4. Compare the images of Bharat Mata in this chapter with the image of Germania
                                           in Chapter 1.
                                    Discuss
                                        1. List all the different social groups which joined the Non-Cooperation Movement of 1921.
                                           Then choose any three and write about their hopes and struggles to show why they
                                           joined the movement.
                                                                                                                                       Discuss
                                        2. Discuss the Salt March to make clear why it was an effective symbol of resistance
                                           against colonialism.
                                        3. Imagine you are a woman participating in the Civil Disobedience Movement. Explain
                                           what the experience meant to your life.
                                        4. Why did political leaders differ sharply over the question of separate electorates?
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Project
                                        Find out about the anti-colonial movement in Kenya. Compare and contrast India’s national
                                        movement with the ways in which Kenya became independent.
                                                                                                                Project
                                   74
                                                                                   2018-19


SECTION II
LIVELIHOODS, ECONOMIES AND SOCIETIES
                  2018-19


2018-19

                                                                                                                                 Chapter IV
The Making of a Global World
1 The Pre-modern World
When we talk of ‘globalisation’ we often refer to an economic
system that has emerged since the last 50 years or so. But as you will
see in this chapter, the making of the global world has a long
history – of trade, of migration, of people in search of work, the
movement of capital, and much else. As we think about the dramatic
and visible signs of global interconnectedness in our lives today,
we need to understand the phases through which this world in
which we live has emerged.
All through history, human societies have become steadily more
interlinked. From ancient times, travellers, traders, priests and
pilgrims travelled vast distances for knowledge, opportunity and
                                                                                                                               World
spiritual fulfilment, or to escape persecution. They carried goods,
money, values, skills, ideas, inventions, and even germs and diseases.
As early as 3000 BCE an active coastal trade linked the Indus valley
civilisations with present-day West Asia. For more than a millennia,
cowries (the Hindi cowdi or seashells, used as a form of currency)
from the Maldives found their way to China and East Africa. The
                                                                                                                               Global
long-distance spread of disease-carrying germs may be traced as
far back as the seventh century. By the thirteenth century it had
become an unmistakable link.
                                                                                                                               a
                                                                                                                                     The Making of a Global World
                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                               Making
                                                                         Fig. 1 – Image of a ship on a memorial stone,
                                                                         Goa Museum, tenth century CE.
                                                                         From the ninth century, images of ships
                                                                                                                               The
                                                                         appear regularly in memorial stones found in
                                                                         the western coast, indicating the significance
                                                                         of oceanic trade.
                                                                                                                          77
                                                          2018-19


                                   1.1 Silk Routes Link the World
                                   The silk routes are a good example of vibrant pre-modern trade
                                   and cultural links between distant parts of the world. The name ‘silk
                                   routes’ points to the importance of West-bound Chinese silk cargoes
                                   along this route. Historians have identified several silk routes, over
                                   land and by sea, knitting together vast regions of Asia, and linking
                                   Asia with Europe and northern Africa. They are known to have
                                   existed since before the Christian Era and thrived almost till the
                                   fifteenth century. But Chinese pottery also travelled the same route,
                                   as did textiles and spices from India and Southeast Asia. In return,
                                   precious metals – gold and silver – flowed from Europe to Asia.
                                                                                                              Fig. 2 – Silk route trade as depicted in a
                                   Trade and cultural exchange always went hand in hand. Early                Chinese cave painting, eighth century, Cave
                                   Christian missionaries almost certainly travelled this route to Asia, as   217, Mogao Grottoes, Gansu, China.
                                   did early Muslim preachers a few centuries later. Much before all
                                   this, Buddhism emerged from eastern India and spread in several
                                   directions through intersecting points on the silk routes.
                                   1.2 Food Travels: Spaghetti and Potato
                                   Food offers many examples of long-distance cultural exchange.
                                   Traders and travellers introduced new crops to the lands they
                                   travelled. Even ‘ready’ foodstuff in distant parts of the world might
                                   share common origins. Take spaghetti and noodles. It is believed
                                   that noodles travelled west from China to
                                   become spaghetti. Or, perhaps Arab traders
                                   took pasta to fifth-century Sicily, an island now
                                   in Italy. Similar foods were also known in India
                                   and Japan, so the truth about their origins may
India and the Contemporary World
                                   never be known. Yet such guesswork suggests
                                   the possibilities of long-distance cultural contact
                                   even in the pre-modern world.
                                   Many of our common foods such as potatoes,
                                   soya, groundnuts, maize, tomatoes, chillies,
                                   sweet potatoes, and so on were not known to
                                   our ancestors until about five centuries ago.
                                   These foods were only introduced in Europe
                                   and Asia after Christopher Columbus
                                   accidentally discovered the vast continent that     Fig. 3 – Merchants from Venice and the Orient exchanging goods,
                                                                                       from Marco Polo, Book of Marvels, fifteenth century.
                                   would later become known as the Americas.
                                   78
                                                                                              2018-19


(Here we will use ‘America’ to describe North America, South
America and the Caribbean.) In fact, many of our common foods
came from America’s original inhabitants – the American Indians.
Sometimes the new crops could make the difference between life
and death. Europe’s poor began to eat better and live longer with
the introduction of the humble potato. Ireland’s poorest peasants
became so dependent on potatoes that when disease destroyed the
potato crop in the mid-1840s, hundreds of thousands died
of starvation.
1.3 Conquest, Disease and Trade
The pre-modern world shrank greatly in the sixteenth century after
European sailors found a sea route to Asia and also successfully
crossed the western ocean to America. For centuries before, the
Indian Ocean had known a bustling trade, with goods, people,
knowledge, customs, etc. criss-crossing its waters. The Indian
subcontinent was central to these flows and a crucial point in their
networks. The entry of the Europeans helped expand or redirect
some of these flows towards Europe.
Before its ‘discovery’, America had been cut off from regular contact       Fig. 4 – The Irish Potato Famine, Illustrated
with the rest of the world for millions of years. But from the sixteenth    London News, 1849.
                                                                            Hungry children digging for potatoes in a field that
century, its vast lands and abundant crops and minerals began to            has already been harvested, hoping to discover
transform trade and lives everywhere.                                       some leftovers. During the Great Irish Potato
                                                                            Famine (1845 to 1849), around 1,000,000
Precious metals, particularly silver, from mines located in present-        people died of starvation in Ireland, and double the
                                                                            number emigrated in search of work.
day Peru and Mexico also enhanced Europe’s wealth and financed
its trade with Asia. Legends spread in seventeenth-century Europe
about South America’s fabled wealth. Many expeditions set off in
search of El Dorado, the fabled city of gold.
                                                                                                                                   The Making of a Global World
The Portuguese and Spanish conquest and colonisation of America
was decisively under way by the mid-sixteenth century. European            Box 1
conquest was not just a result of superior firepower. In fact, the
                                                                            ‘Biological’ warfare?
most powerful weapon of the Spanish conquerors was not a
                                                                            John Winthorp, the first governor of the
conventional military weapon at all. It was the germs such as those         Massachusetts Bay colony in New England,
of smallpox that they carried on their person. Because of their long        wrote in May 1634 that smallpox signalled God’s
isolation, America’s original inhabitants had no immunity against           blessing for the colonists: ‘… the natives … were
                                                                            neere (near) all dead of small Poxe (pox), so as
these diseases that came from Europe. Smallpox in particular proved         the Lord hathe (had) cleared our title to what
a deadly killer. Once introduced, it spread deep into the continent,        we possess’.
ahead even of any Europeans reaching there. It killed and decimated         Alfred Crosby, Ecological Imperialism.
whole communities, paving the way for conquest.
                                                                                                                              79
                                                           2018-19


                                   Guns could be bought or captured and turned against the invaders.
                                                                                                          New words
                                   But not diseases such as smallpox to which the conquerors were
                                                                                                          Dissenter – One who refuses to accept
                                   mostly immune.
                                                                                                          established beliefs and practices
                                   Until the nineteenth century, poverty and hunger were common in
                                   Europe. Cities were crowded and deadly diseases were widespread.
                                   Religious conflicts were common, and religious dissenters were
                                   persecuted. Thousands therefore fled Europe for America. Here,
                                   by the eighteenth century, plantations worked by slaves captured
                                   in Africa were growing cotton and sugar for European markets.
                                   Until well into the eighteenth century, China and India were among
                                   the world’s richest countries. They were also pre-eminent in Asian
                                   trade. However, from the fifteenth century, China is said to have      Discuss
                                   restricted overseas contacts and retreated into isolation. China’s
                                                                                                          Explain what we mean when we say that the
                                   reduced role and the rising importance of the Americas gradually
                                                                                                          world ‘shrank’ in the 1500s.
                                   moved the centre of world trade westwards. Europe now emerged
                                   as the centre of world trade.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 5 – Slaves for sale, New Orleans, Illustrated London News, 1851.
                                    A prospective buyer carefully inspecting slaves lined up before the auction. You can see two
                                    children along with four women and seven men in top hats and suit waiting to be sold. To attract
                                    buyers, slaves were often dressed in their best clothes.
                                   80
                                                                                          2018-19


 2 The Nineteenth Century (1815-1914)
The world changed profoundly in the nineteenth century. Economic,
political, social, cultural and technological factors interacted in
complex ways to transform societies and reshape external relations.
Economists identify three types of movement or ‘flows’ within
international economic exchanges. The first is the flow of trade which
in the nineteenth century referred largely to trade in goods (e.g.,
cloth or wheat). The second is the flow of labour – the migration
of people in search of employment. The third is the movement of
capital for short-term or long-term investments over long distances.
All three flows were closely interwoven and affected peoples’ lives
more deeply now than ever before. The interconnections could
sometimes be broken – for example, labour migration was often
more restricted than goods or capital flows. Yet it helps us understand
the nineteenth-century world economy better if we look at the
three flows together.
2.1 A World Economy Takes Shape
A good place to start is the changing pattern of food production
and consumption in industrial Europe. Traditionally, countries liked
to be self-sufficient in food. But in nineteenth-century Britain,
self-sufficiency in food meant lower living standards and social
conflict. Why was this so?
Population growth from the late eighteenth century had increased
the demand for food grains in Britain. As urban centres expanded
and industry grew, the demand for agricultural products went
                                                                               The Making of a Global World
up, pushing up food grain prices. Under pressure from landed
groups, the government also restricted the import of corn. The
laws allowing the government to do this were commonly known as
the ‘Corn Laws’. Unhappy with high food prices, industrialists and
urban dwellers forced the abolition of the Corn Laws.
After the Corn Laws were scrapped, food could be imported into
Britain more cheaply than it could be produced within the country.
British agriculture was unable to compete with imports. Vast areas
of land were now left uncultivated, and thousands of men and
women were thrown out of work. They flocked to the cities or
migrated overseas.
                                                                          81
                                                          2018-19


                                   As food prices fell, consumption in Britain rose. From the mid-
                                   nineteenth century, faster industrial growth in Britain also led to higher
                                   incomes, and therefore more food imports. Around the world – in
                                   Eastern Europe, Russia, America and Australia – lands were cleared
                                   and food production expanded to meet the British demand.
                                   It was not enough merely to clear lands for agriculture. Railways
                                   were needed to link the agricultural regions to the ports. New
                                   harbours had to be built and old ones expanded to ship the new
                                   cargoes. People had to settle on the lands to bring them under
                                   cultivation. This meant building homes and settlements. All these
                                   activities in turn required capital and labour. Capital flowed from
                                   financial centres such as London. The demand for labour in places
                                   where labour was in short supply – as in America and Australia –
                                   led to more migration.
                                   Nearly 50 million people emigrated from Europe to America and
                                   Australia in the nineteenth century. All over the world some 150
                                   million are estimated to have left their homes, crossed oceans and
                                   vast distances over land in search of a better future.                       Fig. 6 – Emigrant ship leaving for the US, by
                                                                                                                M.W. Ridley, 1869.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 7 – Irish emigrants waiting to board the ship, by Michael Fitzgerald, 1874.
                                   82
                                                                                                2018-19


Thus by 1890, a global agricultural economy had taken shape,
                                                                         Activity
accompanied by complex changes in labour movement patterns,
capital flows, ecologies and technology. Food no longer came from        Prepare a flow chart to show how Britain’s
                                                                         decision to import food led to increased
a nearby village or town, but from thousands of miles away. It was
                                                                         migration to America and Australia.
not grown by a peasant tilling his own land, but by an agricultural
worker, perhaps recently arrived, who was now working on a large
farm that only a generation ago had most likely been a forest. It was
transported by railway, built for that very purpose, and by ships
which were increasingly manned in these decades by low-paid
workers from southern Europe, Asia, Africa and the Caribbean.
  Activity
 Imagine that you are an agricultural worker who has arrived in
 America from Ireland. Write a paragraph on why you chose to
 come and how you are earning your living.
Some of this dramatic change, though on a smaller scale, occurred
closer home in west Punjab. Here the British Indian government
built a network of irrigation canals to transform semi-desert wastes
into fertile agricultural lands that could grow wheat and cotton for
export. The Canal Colonies, as the areas irrigated by the new canals
were called, were settled by peasants from other parts of Punjab.
Of course, food is merely an example. A similar story can be told
for cotton, the cultivation of which expanded worldwide to feed
British textile mills. Or rubber. Indeed, so rapidly did regional
specialisation in the production of commodities develop, that
between 1820 and 1914 world trade is estimated to have multiplied
25 to 40 times. Nearly 60 per cent of this trade comprised ‘primary
products’ – that is, agricultural products such as wheat and cotton,
                                                                                                                           The Making of a Global World
and minerals such as coal.
2.2 Role of Technology
What was the role of technology in all this? The railways, steamships,
the telegraph, for example, were important inventions without
which we cannot imagine the transformed nineteenth-century world.
But technological advances were often the result of larger social,
political and economic factors. For example, colonisation stimulated
new investments and improvements in transport: faster railways,
lighter wagons and larger ships helped move food more cheaply
and quickly from faraway farms to final markets.
                                                                                                                      83
                                                         2018-19


                                                                                                                           Fig. 8 — The Smithfield Club
                                                                                                                           Cattle Show, Illustrated London
                                                                                                                           News, 1851.
                                                                                                                           Cattle were traded at fairs, brought
                                                                                                                           by farmers for sale. One of the
                                                                                                                           oldest livestock markets in London
                                                                                                                           was at Smithfield. In the mid-
                                                                                                                           nineteenth century a huge poultry
                                                                                                                           and meat market was established
                                                                                                                           near the railway line connecting
                                                                                                                           Smithfield to all the meat-supplying
                                                                                                                           centres of the country.
                                   The trade in meat offers a good example of this connected process.
                                   Till the 1870s, animals were shipped live from America to Europe
                                   and then slaughtered when they arrived there. But live animals took
                                   up a lot of ship space. Many also died in voyage, fell ill, lost weight,
                                   or became unfit to eat. Meat was hence an expensive luxury beyond
                                   the reach of the European poor. High prices in turn kept demand
                                   and production down until the development of a new technology,
                                   namely, refrigerated ships, which enabled the transport of perishable
                                   foods over long distances.
                                   Now animals were slaughtered for food at the starting point – in
                                   America, Australia or New Zealand – and then transported to
                                   Europe as frozen meat. This reduced shipping costs and lowered
                                   meat prices in Europe. The poor in Europe could now consume
                                   a more varied diet. To the earlier monotony of bread and potatoes
                                   many, though not all, could now add meat (and butter and eggs)
                                   to their diet. Better living conditions promoted social peace within
                                                                                                              Fig. 9 – Meat being loaded on to the ship,
                                   the country and support for imperialism abroad.                            Alexandra, Illustrated London News, 1878.
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                              Export of meat was possible only after ships
                                                                                                              were refrigerated.
                                   2.3 Late nineteenth-century Colonialism
                                   Trade flourished and markets expanded in the late nineteenth
                                   century. But this was not only a period of expanding trade and
                                   increased prosperity. It is important to realise that there was a
                                   darker side to this process. In many parts of the world, the
                                   expansion of trade and a closer relationship with the world
                                   economy also meant a loss of freedoms and livelihoods. Late-
                                   nineteenth-century European conquests produced many painful
                                   economic, social and ecological changes through which the
                                   colonised societies were brought into the world economy.
                                   84
                                                                                              2018-19


Look at a map of Africa (Fig. 10). You                   SPANISH
                                                        MOROCCO
will see some countries’ borders run                                                              MEDITERRANEAN SEA
                                                                                        TUNISIA
straight, as if they were drawn using a                            MOROCCO
                                                      SPANISH                                    LIBYA
                                                                              ALGERIA
ruler. Well, in fact this was almost how              SAHARA                                   (TRIPOLI)
                                                                                                              EGYPT
rival European powers in Africa drew up                                                                                      EA
                                                                                                                           DS
                                                      RIO
                                                                                                                         RE
                                                    DE ORO
the borders demarcating their respective                                                         FRENCH
                                                                       FRENCH WEST AFRICA       EQUATORIAL             ERITREA FRENCH
territories. In 1885 the big European                                                             AFRICA ANGLO-               SOMALILAND
                                                                  FRENCH SUDAN
powers met in Berlin to complete the                                                                        EGYPTIAN
                                                     PORT                                                    SUDAN               BRITISH
                                                                                     NIGERIA
carving up of Africa between them.                  GUINEA                                                                     SOMALILAND
                                                                                                                         ETHIOPIA
                                                        SIERRA                           CAMEROONS                               ITALIAN
Britain and France made vast additions to               LEONE
                                                                       GOLD TOGO                                        BRITISH
                                                                                                                               SOMALILAND
                                                                                                      CONGO
their overseas territories in the late nineteenth            IVORY     COAST            MIDDLE
                                                                                                    FREE STATE        EAST AFRICA
                                                             COAST                      CONGO
century. Belgium and Germany became new                                                              (BELGIAN
                                                                                                      CONGO)            GERMAN
colonial powers. The US also became a                                     ATLANTIC                                    EAST AFRICA
                                                                           OCEAN
colonial power in the late 1890s by taking                                                       ANGOLA
                                                                                                                         PORTUGUESE
                                                                                                           NORTHERN
                                                                                                                         EAST AFRICA
over some colonies earlier held by Spain.                                                                  RHODESIA
                                                                                           GERMAN          SOUTHERN
Let us look at one example of the destructive                    BELGIAN
                                                                 BRITISH                 SOUTH WEST        RHODESIA           MADAGASCAR
                                                                 FRENCH                    AFRICA
impact of colonialism on the economy and                         GERMAN
                                                                 ITALIAN
                                                                 PORTUGUESE
livelihoods of colonised people.                                 SPANISH
                                                                 BRITISH DOMINION                    UNION OF
                                                                 INDEPENDENT STATE
                                                                                                   SOUTH AFRICA
                                                    Fig. 10 – Map of colonial Africa at the end of the nineteenth century.
Box 2
   Sir Henry Morton Stanley in Central
   Africa
   Stanley was a journalist and explorer sent
   by the New York Herald to find Livingston,
   a missionary and explorer who had been in
                                                                                                                                            The Making of a Global World
   Africa for several years. Like other European
   and American explorers of the time, Stanley
   went with arms, mobilised local hunters,
   warriors and labourers to help him, fought
   with local tribes, investigated African
   terrains, and mapped different regions.
   These explorations helped the conquest
   of Africa. Geographical explorations were
   not driven by an innocent search for
   scientific information. They were directly
   linked to imperial projects.
                                                    Fig. 11 – Sir Henry Morton Stanley and his retinue in Central Africa,
                                                    Illustrated London News, 1871.
                                                                                                                                       85
                                                             2018-19


                                   2.4 Rinderpest, or the Cattle Plague
                                   In Africa, in the 1890s, a fast-spreading disease of cattle plague
                                   or rinderpest had a terrifying impact on people’s livelihoods
                                   and the local economy. This is a good example of the
                                   widespread European imperial impact on colonised societies.
                                   It shows how in this era of conquest even a disease affecting
                                   cattle reshaped the lives and fortunes of thousands of people
                                   and their relations with the rest of the world.
                                   Historically, Africa had abundant land and a relatively small
                                   population. For centuries, land and livestock sustained African      Fig. 12 – Transport to the Transvaal gold mines,
                                   livelihoods and people rarely worked for a wage. In late-            The Graphic, 1887.
                                                                                                        Crossing the Wilge river was the quickest method of
                                   nineteenth-century Africa there were few consumer goods that         transport to the gold fields of Transvaal. After the
                                   wages could buy. If you had been an African possessing land          discovery of gold in Witwatersrand, Europeans
                                                                                                        rushed to the region despite their fear of disease and
                                   and livestock – and there was plenty of both – you too would         death, and the difficulties of the journey. By the
                                   have seen little reason to work for a wage.                          1890s, South Africa contributed over 20 per cent of
                                                                                                        the world gold production.
                                   In the late nineteenth century, Europeans were attracted to
                                   Africa due to its vast resources of land and minerals. Europeans
                                   came to Africa hoping to establish plantations and mines to
                                   produce crops and minerals for export to Europe. But there
                                   was an unexpected problem – a shortage of labour willing to
                                   work for wages.
                                   Employers used many methods to recruit and retain labour. Heavy
                                   taxes were imposed which could be paid only by working for wages
                                   on plantations and mines. Inheritance laws were changed so that
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                                Fig. 13 — Diggers at work
                                                                                                                                in the Transvaal gold fields
                                                                                                                                in South Africa, The
                                                                                                                                Graphic, 1875.
                                   86
                                                                                              2018-19


peasants were displaced from land: only one member of a family
was allowed to inherit land, as a result of which the others were
pushed into the labour market. Mineworkers were also confined in
compounds and not allowed to move about freely.
Then came rinderpest, a devastating cattle disease.
Rinderpest arrived in Africa in the late 1880s. It was carried by
infected cattle imported from British Asia to feed the Italian soldiers
invading Eritrea in East Africa. Entering Africa in the east, rinderpest
moved west ‘like forest fire’, reaching Africa’s Atlantic coast in 1892.
It reached the Cape (Africa’s southernmost tip) five years later. Along
the way rinderpest killed 90 per cent of the cattle.
The loss of cattle destroyed African livelihoods. Planters, mine owners
and colonial governments now successfully monopolised what scarce
cattle resources remained, to strengthen their power and to force
Africans into the labour market. Control over the scarce resource
of cattle enabled European colonisers to conquer and subdue Africa.
Similar stories can be told about the impact of Western conquest on
other parts of the nineteenth-century world.
2.4 Indentured Labour Migration from India
The example of indentured labour migration from India also
                                                                           New words
illustrates the two-sided nature of the nineteenth-century world.
It was a world of faster economic growth as well as great misery,          Indentured labour – A bonded labourer under
higher incomes for some and poverty for others, technological              contract to work for an employer for a specific
advances in some areas and new forms of coercion in others.                amount of time, to pay off his passage to a
                                                                           new country or home
In the nineteenth century, hundreds of thousands of Indian and
Chinese labourers went to work on plantations, in mines, and in
                                                                                                                              The Making of a Global World
road and railway construction projects around the world. In India,
indentured labourers were hired under contracts which promised
return travel to India after they had worked five years on their
employer’s plantation.
Most Indian indentured workers came from the present-day regions
of eastern Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, central India and the dry districts
of Tamil Nadu. In the mid-nineteenth century these regions
experienced many changes – cottage industries declined, land rents
rose, lands were cleared for mines and plantations. All this affected
the lives of the poor: they failed to pay their rents, became deeply
indebted and were forced to migrate in search of work.
                                                                                                                         87
                                                           2018-19


                                   The main destinations of Indian indentured
                                   migrants were the Caribbean islands (mainly
                                   Trinidad, Guyana and Surinam), Mauritius and Fiji.
                                   Closer home, Tamil migrants went to Ceylon and
                                   Malaya. Indentured workers were also recruited
                                   for tea plantations in Assam.
                                   Recruitment was done by agents engaged by
                                   employers and paid a small commission. Many
                                   migrants agreed to take up work hoping to escape
                                   poverty or oppression in their home villages.
                                   Agents also tempted the prospective migrants
                                   by providing false information about final
                                   destinations, modes of travel, the nature of the Fig. 14 — Indian indentured labourers in a cocoa plantation in
                                   work, and living and working conditions. Often Trinidad, early nineteenth century.
                                   migrants were not even told that they were to embark on a long
                                   sea voyage. Sometimes agents even forcibly abducted less
                                   willing migrants.
                                   Nineteenth-century indenture has been described as a ‘new system
                                   of slavery’. On arrival at the plantations, labourers found conditions    Discuss
                                   to be different from what they had imagined. Living and working           Discuss the importance of language and
                                   conditions were harsh, and there were few legal rights.                   popular traditions in the creation of national
                                                                                                             identity.
                                   But workers discovered their own ways of surviving. Many of them
                                   escaped into the wilds, though if caught they faced severe punishment.
                                   Others developed new forms of individual and collective self-
                                   expression, blending different cultural forms, old and new. In
                                   Trinidad the annual Muharram procession was transformed into a
                                   riotous carnival called ‘Hosay’ (for Imam Hussain) in which workers
                                   of all races and religions joined. Similarly, the protest religion of
                                   Rastafarianism (made famous by the Jamaican reggae star Bob
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Marley) is also said to reflect social and cultural links with Indian
                                   migrants to the Caribbean. ‘Chutney music’, popular in Trinidad
                                   and Guyana, is another creative contemporary expression of the
                                   post-indenture experience. These forms of cultural fusion are part
                                   of the making of the global world, where things from different
                                   places get mixed, lose their original characteristics and become
                                   something entirely new.
                                   Most indentured workers stayed on after their contracts ended, or
                                   returned to their new homes after a short spell in India. Consequently,   Fig. 15 — Indentured laboureres photographed
                                                                                                             for identification.
                                   there are large communities of people of Indian descent in these          For the employers, the numbers and not the
                                   countries. Have you heard of the Nobel Prize-winning writer               names mattered.
                                   88
                                                                                             2018-19


V.S. Naipaul? Some of you may have followed the exploits of
West Indies cricketers Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Ramnaresh
Sarwan. If you have wondered why their names sound vaguely
Indian, the answer is that they are descended from indentured
labour migrants from India.
From the 1900s India’s nationalist leaders began opposing the system
of indentured labour migration as abusive and cruel. It was abolished
in 1921. Yet for a number of decades afterwards, descendants of
Indian indentured workers, often thought of as ‘coolies’, remained
                                                                         Fig. 16 — A contract form of an indentured
an uneasy minority in the Caribbean islands. Some of Naipaul’s           labourer.
early novels capture their sense of loss and alienation.
2.5 Indian Entrepreneurs Abroad                                         Source A
Growing food and other crops for the world market required               The testimony of an indentured labourer
capital. Large plantations could borrow it from banks and markets.       Extract from the testimony of Ram Narain
But what about the humble peasant?                                       Tewary, an indentured labourer who spent ten
                                                                         years on Demerara in the early twentieth century.
Enter the Indian banker. Do you know of the Shikaripuri shroffs
                                                                         ‘… in spite of my best efforts, I could not properly
and Nattukottai Chettiars? They were amongst the many groups             do the works that were allotted to me ... In a
of bankers and traders who financed export agriculture in Central        few days I got my hands bruised all over and I
                                                                         could not go to work for a week for which I was
and Southeast Asia, using either their own funds or those borrowed
                                                                         prosecuted and sent to jail for 14 days. ... new
from European banks. They had a sophisticated system to transfer         emigrants find the tasks allotted to them
money over large distances, and even developed indigenous forms          extremely heavy and cannot complete them in
of corporate organisation.                                               a day. ... Deductions are also made from wages
                                                                         if the work is considered to have been done
Indian traders and moneylenders also followed European colonisers        unsatisfactorily. Many people cannot therefore
                                                                         earn their full wages and are punished in various
into Africa. Hyderabadi Sindhi traders, however, ventured beyond
                                                                         ways. In fact, the labourers have to spend their
European colonies. From the 1860s they established flourishing           period of indenture in great trouble …’
emporia at busy ports worldwide, selling local and imported curios       Source: Department of Commerce and Industry,
to tourists whose numbers were beginning to swell, thanks to the         Emigration Branch. 1916
                                                                                                       Source
                                                                                                                                 The Making of a Global World
development of safe and comfortable passenger vessels.
2.6 Indian Trade, Colonialism and the Global System
Historically, fine cottons produced in India were exported to Europe.
With industrialisation, British cotton manufacture began to expand,
and industrialists pressurised the government to restrict cotton
imports and protect local industries. Tariffs were imposed on cloth
imports into Britain. Consequently, the inflow of fine Indian cotton
began to decline.
From the early nineteenth century, British manufacturers also began
to seek overseas markets for their cloth. Excluded from the British
                                                                                                                            89
                                                        2018-19


                                    Fig. 17 – East India Company House, London.
                                    This was the nerve centre of the worldwide operations of the East India Company.
                                   market by tariff barriers, Indian textiles now faced stiff competition
                                   in other international markets. If we look at the figures of exports
                                   from India, we see a steady decline of the share of cotton textiles:
                                   from some 30 per cent around 1800 to 15 per cent by 1815. By the
                                   1870s this proportion had dropped to below 3 per cent.
                                   What, then, did India export? The figures again tell a dramatic
                                   story. While exports of manufactures declined rapidly, export of
                                   raw materials increased equally fast. Between 1812 and 1871, the
                                   share of raw cotton exports rose from 5 per cent to 35 per cent.
                                   Indigo used for dyeing cloth was another important export for
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                       Fig. 18 – A distant view of Surat
                                                                                                                       and its river.
                                                                                                                       All through the seventeenth and early
                                                                                                                       eighteenth centuries, Surat remained
                                                                                                                       the main centre of overseas trade in
                                                                                                                       the western Indian Ocean.
                                   90
                                                                                            2018-19


many decades. And, as you have read last year, opium shipments to
China grew rapidly from the 1820s to become for a while India’s
single largest export. Britain grew opium in India and exported it to
China and, with the money earned through this sale, it financed its
tea and other imports from China.
Over the nineteenth century, British manufactures flooded the Indian
market. Food grain and raw material exports from India to Britain
and the rest of the world increased. But the value of British exports
to India was much higher than the value of British imports from
India. Thus Britain had a ‘trade surplus’ with India. Britain used this
surplus to balance its trade deficits with other countries – that is,
with countries from which Britain was importing more than it was
selling to. This is how a multilateral settlement system works – it
allows one country’s deficit with another country to be settled
by its surplus with a third country. By helping Britain balance its
deficits, India played a crucial role in the late-nineteenth-century
world economy.
Britain’s trade surplus in India also helped pay the so-called ‘home
charges’ that included private remittances home by British officials
and traders, interest payments on India’s external debt, and pensions
of British officials in India.
                      Aleppo                            Bukhara                                                               Wa
                                                                                                                  The           ll
                                                                                 Yarkand                              Great
Alexandria
                        Basra                                          Lahore
                                     ian
                                   rs                                                         Hoogly                       Canton
                                 Pe              Bandar Abbas
                                        ulf
                                       G           Muscat
                                                                     Surat
                 ea   Jedda
               dS
                                                                                                           Hanoi
             Re
                               Macha                                                     Masulipatam       Bangkok
                                                                                   Madras
                                                                                                                                          The Making of a Global World
                                                                   Goa
                                                                                               Acheh            Malacca
                                                                             Indian Ocean
       Mombasa
                                                                                                                          Batavia
                                                                                                       Bantam
    Mozambique
                                              Sea route
                                              Land route
                                              Volume of trade passing through the port
 Fig. 19 – The trade routes that linked India to the world at the end of the seventeenth century.
                                                                                                                                     91
                                                                                                  2018-19


                                   3 The Inter-war Economy
                                   The First World War (1914-18) was mainly fought in Europe. But
                                   its impact was felt around the world. Notably for our concerns
                                   in this chapter, it plunged the first half of the twentieth century
                                   into a crisis that took over three decades to overcome. During
                                   this period the world experienced widespread economic and
                                   political instability, and another catastrophic war.
                                   3.1 Wartime Transformations
                                   The First World War, as you know, was fought between two power
                                   blocs. On the one side were the Allies – Britain, France and Russia
                                   (later joined by the US); and on the opposite side were the Central
                                   Powers – Germany, Austria-Hungary and Ottoman Turkey. When
                                   the war began in August 1914, many governments thought it would
                                   be over by Christmas. It lasted more than four years.
                                   The First World War was a war like no other before. The fighting
                                   involved the world’s leading industrial nations which now
                                   harnessed the vast powers of modern industry to inflict the greatest
                                   possible destruction on their enemies.
                                   This war was thus the first modern industrial war. It saw the use
                                   of machine guns, tanks, aircraft, chemical weapons, etc. on a
                                   massive scale. These were all increasingly products of modern large-
                                   scale industry. To fight the war, millions of soldiers
                                   had to be recruited from around the world and
                                   moved to the frontlines on large ships and trains.
                                   The scale of death and destruction – 9 million dead
                                   and 20 million injured – was unthinkable before the
India and the Contemporary World
                                   industrial age, without the use of industrial arms.
                                   Most of the killed and maimed were men of
                                   working age. These deaths and injuries reduced the
                                   able-bodied workforce in Europe. With fewer
                                   numbers within the family, household incomes
                                   declined after the war.
                                   During the war, industries were restructured to
                                   produce war-related goods. Entire societies were
                                   also reorganised for war – as men went to battle,
                                                                                          Fig. 20 – Workers in a munition factory during the First World
                                   women stepped in to undertake jobs that earlier only   War.
                                   men were expected to do.                               Production of armaments increased rapidly to meet war demands.
                                   92
                                                                                           2018-19


The war led to the snapping of economic links between some of
the world’s largest economic powers which were now fighting
each other to pay for them. So Britain borrowed large sums
of money from US banks as well as the US public. Thus the war
transformed the US from being an international debtor to an
international creditor. In other words, at the war’s end, the US and
its citizens owned more overseas assets than foreign governments
and citizens owned in the US.
3.2 Post-war Recovery
Post-war economic recovery proved difficult. Britain, which was
the world’s leading economy in the pre-war period, in particular
faced a prolonged crisis. While Britain was preoccupied with war,
industries had developed in India and Japan. After the war Britain
found it difficult to recapture its earlier position of dominance in
the Indian market, and to compete with Japan internationally.
Moreover, to finance war expenditures Britain had borrowed liberally
from the US. This meant that at the end of the war Britain was
burdened with huge external debts.
The war had led to an economic boom, that is, to a large increase in
demand, production and employment. When the war boom ended,
production contracted and unemployment increased. At the
same time the government reduced bloated war expenditures to
bring them into line with peacetime revenues. These developments
led to huge job losses – in 1921 one in every five British workers
was out of work. Indeed, anxiety and uncertainty about work
became an enduring part of the post-war scenario.
Many agricultural economies were also in crisis. Consider the case
                                                                            The Making of a Global World
of wheat producers. Before the war, eastern Europe was a major
supplier of wheat in the world market. When this supply was
disrupted during the war, wheat production in Canada, America
and Australia expanded dramatically. But once the war was over,
production in eastern Europe revived and created a glut in wheat
output. Grain prices fell, rural incomes declined, and farmers fell
deeper into debt.
3.3 Rise of Mass Production and Consumption
In the US, recovery was quicker. We have already seen how the war
helped boost the US economy. After a short period of economic
                                                                       93
                                                        2018-19


                                   trouble in the years after the war, the US economy resumed
                                   its strong growth in the early 1920s.
                                   One important feature of the US economy of the 1920s
                                   was mass production. The move towards mass production
                                   had begun in the late nineteenth century, but in the 1920s it
                                   became a characteristic feature of industrial production in
                                   the US. A well-known pioneer of mass production was the
                                   car manufacturer Henry Ford. He adapted the assembly line
                                   of a Chicago slaughterhouse (in which slaughtered animals
                                   were picked apart by butchers as they came down a conveyor
                                   belt) to his new car plant in Detroit. He realised that the
                                   ‘assembly line’ method would allow a faster and cheaper way
                                   of producing vehicles. The assembly line forced workers to
                                                                                                    Fig. 21 – T-Model automobiles lined up outside the
                                   repeat a single task mechanically and continuously – such as     factory.
                                   fitting a particular part to the car – at a pace dictated by the
                                   conveyor belt. This was a way of increasing the output per worker
                                   by speeding up the pace of work. Standing in front of a conveyor
                                   belt no worker could afford to delay the motions, take a break, or
                                   even have a friendly word with a workmate. As a result, Henry
                                   Ford’s cars came off the assembly line at three-minute intervals, a
                                   speed much faster than that achieved by previous methods. The T-
                                   Model Ford was the world’s first mass-produced car.
                                   At first workers at the Ford factory were unable to cope with the
                                   stress of working on assembly lines in which they could not control
                                   the pace of work. So they quit in large numbers. In desperation
                                   Ford doubled the daily wage to $5 in January 1914. At the same
                                   time he banned trade unions from operating in his plants.
                                   Henry Ford recovered the high wage by repeatedly speeding up
India and the Contemporary World
                                   the production line and forcing workers to work ever harder. So
                                   much so, he would soon describe his decision to double the daily
                                   wage as the ‘best cost-cutting decision’ he had ever made.
                                   Fordist industrial practices soon spread in the US. They were also
                                   widely copied in Europe in the 1920s. Mass production lowered
                                   costs and prices of engineered goods. Thanks to higher wages,
                                   more workers could now afford to purchase durable consumer
                                   goods such as cars. Car production in the US rose from 2 million in
                                   1919 to more than 5 million in 1929. Similarly, there was a spurt
                                   in the purchase of refrigerators, washing machines, radios,
                                   gramophone players, all through a system of ‘hire purchase’ (i.e., on
                                   94
                                                                                            2018-19


credit repaid in weekly or monthly instalments). The demand
for refrigerators, washing machines, etc. was also fuelled by a boom
in house construction and home ownership, financed once again
by loans.
The housing and consumer boom of the 1920s created the basis of
prosperity in the US. Large investments in housing and household         Box 3
goods seemed to create a cycle of higher employment
and incomes, rising consumption demand, more investment, and
yet more employment and incomes.
In 1923, the US resumed exporting capital to the rest of the world
and became the largest overseas lender. US imports and capital
exports also boosted European recovery and world trade and
income growth over the next six years.
All this, however, proved too good to last. By 1929 the world
would be plunged into a depression such as it had never
experienced before.
3.4 The Great Depression
The Great Depression began around 1929 and lasted till the mid-
1930s. During this period most parts of the world experienced
catastrophic declines in production, employment, incomes and
trade. The exact timing and impact of the depression varied
across countries. But in general, agricultural regions and communities     Fig. 22 – Migrant agricultural worker’s family,
were the worst affected. This was because the fall                         homeless and hungry, during the Great
                                                                           Depression, 1936. Courtesy: Library of Congress,
in agricultural prices was greater and more prolonged than that            Prints and Photographs Division.
in the prices of industrial goods.
                                                                          M a n y y e a r s l a t e r, D o r o t h e a L a n g e , t h e
The depression was caused by a combination of several factors. We         photographer who shot this picture, recollected
                                                                                                                                           The Making of a Global World
                                                                          the moment of her encounter with the
have already seen how fragile the post-war world economy was.
                                                                          hungry mother:
First: agricultural overproduction remained a problem. This was
                                                                          ‘I saw and approached the hungry and desperate
made worse by falling agricultural prices. As prices slumped and          mother, as if drawn by a magnet … I did not ask
agricultural incomes declined, farmers tried to expand production         her name or her history. She told me her age,
                                                                          that she was thirty-two. She said that they
and bring a larger volume of produce to the market to maintain
                                                                          (i.e., she and her seven children) had been living
their overall income. This worsened the glut in the market, pushing       on frozen vegetables from the surrounding fields,
down prices even further. Farm produce rotted for a lack of buyers.       and birds that the children killed … There she
                                                                          sat … with her children huddled around her,
Second: in the mid-1920s, many countries financed their investments       and seemed to know that my pictures might
                                                                          help her, and so she helped me …’
through loans from the US. While it was often extremely easy to
                                                                          From: Popular Photography, February 1960.
raise loans in the US when the going was good, US overseas lenders
panicked at the first sign of trouble. In the first half of 1928, US
                                                                                                                                      95
                                                         2018-19


                                   overseas loans amounted to over $ 1 billion. A year later it was one
                                   quarter of that amount. Countries that depended crucially on US
                                   loans now faced an acute crisis.
                                   The withdrawal of US loans affected much of the rest of the world,
                                   though in different ways. In Europe it led to the failure of some
                                   major banks and the collapse of currencies such as the British pound
                                   sterling. In Latin America and elsewhere it intensified the slump
                                   in agricultural and raw material prices. The US attempt to protect
                                   its economy in the depression by doubling import duties also dealt
                                   another severe blow to world trade.
                                   The US was also the industrial country most severely affected by         Fig. 23 – People lining up for unemployment
                                                                                                            benefits, US, photograph by Dorothea Lange,
                                   the depression. With the fall in prices and the prospect of a            1938. Courtesy: Library of Congress, Prints and
                                   depression, US banks had also slashed domestic lending and               Photographs Division.
                                                                                                            When an unemployment census showed
                                   called back loans. Farms could not sell their harvests, households       10 million people out of work, the local
                                   were ruined, and businesses collapsed. Faced with falling                government in many US states began making
                                                                                                            small allowances to the unemployed. These long
                                   incomes, many households in the US could not repay what they had         queues came to symbolise the poverty and
                                   borrowed, and were forced to give up their homes, cars and other         unemployment of the depression years.
                                   consumer durables. The consumerist prosperity of the 1920s now
                                   disappeared in a puff of dust. As unemployment soared, people
                                   trudged long distances looking for any work they could find.
                                   Ultimately, the US banking system itself collapsed. Unable to
                                   recover investments, collect loans and repay depositors, thousands
                                   of banks went bankrupt and were forced to close. The numbers
                                   are phenomenal: by 1933 over 4,000 banks had closed and
                                   between 1929 and 1932 about 110, 000 companies had collapsed.
                                   By 1935, a modest economic recovery was under way in most
                                   industrial countries. But the Great Depression’s wider effects on
                                   society, politics and international relations, and on peoples’ minds,
India and the Contemporary World
                                   proved more enduring.
                                   3.5 India and the Great Depression
                                   If we look at the impact of the depression on India we realise
                                   how integrated the global economy had become by the early
                                   twentieth century. The tremors of a crisis in one part of the world
                                   were quickly relayed to other parts, affecting lives, economies and
                                   societies worldwide.
                                   In the nineteenth century, as you have seen, colonial India had become
                                   an exporter of agricultural goods and importer of manufactures.
                                   The depression immediately affected Indian trade. India’s exports
                                   96
                                                                                            2018-19


and imports nearly halved between 1928 and 1934. As international
prices crashed, prices in India also plunged. Between 1928 and 1934,
wheat prices in India fell by 50 per cent.
Peasants and farmers suffered more than urban dwellers. Though
agricultural prices fell sharply, the colonial government refused to
reduce revenue demands. Peasants producing for the world market
were the worst hit.
Consider the jute producers of Bengal. They grew raw jute that was
processed in factories for export in the form of gunny bags. But
as gunny exports collapsed, the price of raw jute crashed more than
60 per cent. Peasants who borrowed in the hope of better times or
to increase output in the hope of higher incomes faced ever lower
prices, and fell deeper and deeper into debt. Thus the Bengal jute
growers’ lament:
    grow more jute, brothers, with the hope of greater cash.
    Costs and debts of jute will make your hopes get dashed.
    When you have spent all your money and got the crop off the ground,
    … traders, sitting at home, will pay only Rs 5 a maund.
Across India, peasants’ indebtedness increased. They used up their
savings, mortgaged lands, and sold whatever jewellery and precious           Discuss
metals they had to meet their expenses. In these depression years,           Who profits from jute cultivation according to the
India became an exporter of precious metals, notably gold.                   jute growers’ lament? Explain.
The famous economist John Maynard Keynes thought that Indian
gold exports promoted global economic recovery. They certainly
helped speed up Britain’s recovery, but did little for the Indian peasant.
Rural India was thus seething with unrest when Mahatma Gandhi
                                                                                                                                   The Making of a Global World
launched the civil disobedience movement at the height of the
depression in 1931.
The depression proved less grim for urban India. Because of falling
prices, those with fixed incomes – say town-dwelling landowners
who received rents and middle-class salaried employees – now found
themselves better off. Everything cost less. Industrial investment also
grew as the government extended tariff protection to industries,
under the pressure of nationalist opinion.
                                                                                                                              97
                                                               2018-19


                                   4 Rebuilding a World Economy: The Post-war Era
                                   The Second World War broke out a mere two decades after the
                                   end of the First World War. It was fought between the Axis powers
                                   (mainly Nazi Germany, Japan and Italy) and the Allies (Britain,
                                   France, the Soviet Union and the US). It was a war waged for six
                                   years on many fronts, in many places, over land, on sea, in the air.
                                   Once again death and destruction was enormous. At least 60 million
                                   people, or about 3 per cent of the world’s 1939 population, are
                                   believed to have been killed, directly or indirectly, as a result of the
                                   war. Millions more were injured.
                                   Unlike in earlier wars, most of these deaths took place outside the
                                   battlefields. Many more civilians than soldiers died from war-related
                                   causes. Vast parts of Europe and Asia were devastated, and several
                                   cities were destroyed by aerial bombardment or relentless
                                   artillery attacks. The war caused an immense amount of economic            Fig. 24 – German forces attack Russia, July 1941.
                                   devastation and social disruption. Reconstruction promised to              Hitler’s attempt to invade Russia was a turning
                                                                                                              point in the war.
                                   be long and difficult.
                                   Two crucial influences shaped post-war
                                   reconstruction. The first was the US’s
                                   emergence as the dominant economic, political
                                   and military power in the Western world. The
                                   second was the dominance of the Soviet
                                   Union. It had made huge sacrifices to defeat
                                   Nazi Germany, and transformed itself from
                                   a backward agricultural country into a world
                                   power during the very years when the capitalist
                                   world was trapped in the Great Depression.
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                        Fig. 25 – Stalingrad in Soviet Russia devastated by the war.
                                   4.1 Post-war Settlement and the
                                   Bretton Woods Institutions
                                   Economists and politicians drew two key lessons from inter-war
                                   economic experiences. First, an industrial society based on mass
                                   production cannot be sustained without mass consumption. But to
                                   ensure mass consumption, there was a need for high and stable
                                   incomes. Incomes could not be stable if employment was unstable.
                                   Thus stable incomes also required steady, full employment.
                                   But markets alone could not guarantee full employment.
                                   Therefore governments would have to step in to minimise
                                   98
                                                                                              2018-19


fluctuations of price, output and employment. Economic stability
could be ensured only through the intervention of the government.
The second lesson related to a country’s economic links with
the outside world. The goal of full employment could only be
achieved if governments had power to control flows of goods,
capital and labour.
Thus in brief, the main aim of the post-war international economic
system was to preserve economic stability and full employment in        Fig. 26 – Mount Washington Hotel situated in
                                                                        Bretton Woods, US.
the industrial world. Its framework was agreed upon at the United       This is the place where the famous conference
Nations Monetary and Financial Conference held in July 1944 at          was held.
Bretton Woods in New Hampshire, USA.
The Bretton Woods conference established the International Monetary
Fund (IMF) to deal with external surpluses and deficits of its member
nations. The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(popularly known as the World Bank) was set up to finance post-
war reconstruction. The IMF and the World Bank are referred to
as the Bretton Woods institutions or sometimes the Bretton Woods
twins. The post-war international economic system is also often
described as the Bretton Woods system.
The IMF and the World Bank commenced financial operations
in 1947. Decision-making in these institutions is controlled by
the Western industrial powers. The US has an effective right of
veto over key IMF and World Bank decisions.
The international monetary system is the system linking national
currencies and monetary system. The Bretton Woods system was            Discuss
based on fixed exchange rates. In this system, national currencies,
                                                                        Briefly summarise the two lessons learnt by
for example the Indian rupee, were pegged to the dollar at a fixed
                                                                        economists and politicians from the inter-war
                                                                                                                             The Making of a Global World
exchange rate. The dollar itself was anchored to gold at a fixed
                                                                        economic experience?
price of $35 per ounce of gold.
4.2 The Early Post-war Years
The Bretton Woods system inaugurated an era of unprecedented
growth of trade and incomes for the Western industrial nations and
Japan. World trade grew annually at over 8 per cent between 1950
and 1970 and incomes at nearly 5 per cent. The growth was also
mostly stable, without large fluctuations. For much of this period
the unemployment rate, for example, averaged less than 5 per cent
in most industrial countries.
                                                                                                                        99
                                                        2018-19


                                   These decades also saw the worldwide spread of technology and              Box 4
                                   enterprise. Developing countries were in a hurry to catch up with
                                                                                                               What are MNCs?
                                   the advanced industrial countries. Therefore, they invested vast
                                                                                                               Multinational corporations (MNCs) are large
                                   amounts of capital, importing industrial plant and equipment
                                                                                                               companies that operate in several countries at
                                   featuring modern technology.                                                the same time. The first MNCs were established
                                                                                                               in the 1920s. Many more came up in the 1950s
                                                                                                               and 1960s as US businesses expanded worldwide
                                   4.3 Decolonisation and Independence                                         and Western Europe and Japan also recovered
                                                                                                               to become powerful industrial economies. The
                                   When the Second World War ended, large parts of the world were              worldwide spread of MNCs was a notable feature
                                   still under European colonial rule. Over the next two decades most          of the 1950s and 1960s. This was partly because
                                                                                                               high import tariffs imposed by different
                                   colonies in Asia and Africa emerged as free, independent nations.           governments forced MNCs to locate their
                                   They were, however, overburdened by poverty and a lack of                   manufacturing operations and become ‘domestic
                                                                                                               producers’ in as many countries as possible.
                                   resources, and their economies and societies were handicapped by
                                   long periods of colonial rule.
                                   The IMF and the World Bank were designed to meet the financial
                                                                                                               New words
                                   needs of the industrial countries. They were not equipped to cope
                                   with the challenge of poverty and lack of development in the former         Tariff – Tax imposed on a country’s imports
                                   colonies. But as Europe and Japan rapidly rebuilt their economies,          from the rest of the world. Tariffs are
                                   they grew less dependent on the IMF and the World Bank. Thus                levied at the point of entry, i.e., at the border
                                   from the late 1950s the Bretton Woods institutions began to shift           or the airport.
                                   their attention more towards developing countries.
                                   As colonies, many of the less developed regions of the world had
                                   been part of Western empires. Now, ironically, as newly independent
                                   countries facing urgent pressures to lift their populations out of
                                   poverty, they came under the guidance of international agencies
                                   dominated by the former colonial powers. Even after many years
                                   of decolonisation, the former colonial powers still controlled vital
                                   resources such as minerals and land in many of their former colonies.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   Large corporations of other powerful countries, for example the
                                   US, also often managed to secure rights to exploit developing
                                   countries’ natural resources very cheaply.
                                   At the same time, most developing countries did not benefit from
                                   the fast growth the Western economies experienced in the 1950s
                                   and 1960s. Therefore they organised themselves as a group – the
                                   Group of 77 (or G-77) – to demand a new international economic
                                   order (NIEO). By the NIEO they meant a system that would give
                                   them real control over their natural resources, more development
                                   assistance, fairer prices for raw materials, and better access for their
                                   manufactured goods in developed countries’ markets.
                                   100
                                                                                              2018-19


4.4 End of Bretton Woods and the Beginning of
‘Globalisation’
Despite years of stable and rapid growth, not all was well in
this post-war world. From the 1960s the rising costs of its
overseas involvements weakened the US’s finances and competitive
strength. The US dollar now no longer commanded confidence
as the world’s principal currency. It could not maintain its value
in relation to gold. This eventually led to the collapse of the
system of fixed exchange rates and the introduction of a system
of floating exchange rates.
From the mid-1970s the international financial system also changed
in important ways. Earlier, developing countries could turn to
international institutions for loans and development assistance. But
now they were forced to borrow from Western commercial banks
and private lending institutions. This led to periodic debt crises in
the developing world, and lower incomes and increased poverty,
especially in Africa and Latin America.
The industrial world was also hit by unemployment that began
rising from the mid-1970s and remained high until the early 1990s.
From the late 1970s MNCs also began to shift production operations
to low-wage Asian countries.
China had been cut off from the post-war world economy since
its revolution in 1949. But new economic policies in China and
the collapse of the Soviet Union and Soviet-style communism in
                                                                        New words
Eastern Europe brought many countries back into the fold of the
world economy.                                                          Exchange rates – They link national currencies
                                                                        for purposes of international trade. There are
Wages were relatively low in countries like China. Thus they became
                                                                        broadly two kinds of exchange rates: fixed
attractive destinations for investment by foreign MNCs competing
                                                                                                                            The Making of a Global World
                                                                        exchange rate and floating exchange rate
to capture world markets. Have you noticed that most of the TVs,
                                                                        Fixed exchange rates – When exchange rates
mobile phones, and toys we see in the shops seem to be made in
                                                                        are fixed and governments intervene to prevent
China? This is because of the low-cost structure of the Chinese
                                                                        movements in them
economy, most importantly its low wages.
                                                                        Flexible or floating exchange rates – These rates
The relocation of industry to low-wage countries stimulated world       fluctuate depending on demand and supply of
trade and capital flows. In the last two decades the world’s economic   currencies in foreign exchange markets, in
geography has been transformed as countries such as India, China        principle without interference by governments
and Brazil have undergone rapid economic transformation.
                                                                                                                      101
                                                        2018-19


                                    Write in brief
                                         1. Give two examples of different types of global exchanges which took place before the
                                            seventeenth century, choosing one example from Asia and one from the Americas.
                                         2. Explain how the global transfer of disease in the pre-modern world helped in the
                                            colonisation of the Americas.
                                                                                                                                        Write in brief
                                         3. Write a note to explain the effects of the following:
                                            a) The British government’s decision to abolish the Corn Laws.
                                            b) The coming of rinderpest to Africa.
                                            c) The death of men of working-age in Europe because of the World War.
                                            d) The Great Depression on the Indian economy.
                                            e) The decision of MNCs to relocate production to Asian countries.
                                         4. Give two examples from history to show the impact of technology on food availability.
                                         5. What is meant by the Bretton Woods Agreement?
                                    Discuss
                                         6. Imagine that you are an indentured Indian labourer in the Caribbean. Drawing from the
                                            details in this chapter, write a letter to your family describing your life and feelings.
                                         7. Explain the three types of movements or flows within international economic
                                            exchange. Find one example of each type of flow which involved India and Indians,
                                                                                                                                        Discuss
                                            and write a short account of it.
                                         8. Explain the causes of the Great Depression.
                                         9. Explain what is referred to as the G-77 countries. In what ways can G-77 be seen as
India and the Contemporary World
                                            a reaction to the activities of the Bretton Woods twins?
                                    Project
                                         Find out more about gold and diamond mining in South Africa in the nineteenth century.
                                         Who controlled the gold and diamond companies? Who were the miners and what were
                                         their lives like?                                                            Project
                                   102
                                                                                     2018-19


                                                                                                                                              Chapter V
The Age of Industrialisation
                                                                                                                          T h e TheA Age
                                                                                                                                     g eof Industrialisation
                                                                                                                                              o f I n d us t r i a l isa t i o n
  Fig. 1 – Dawn of the Century, published by E.T. Paull Music Co.,
  New York, England, 1900.
In 1900, a popular music publisher E.T. Paull produced a music
book that had a picture on the cover page announcing the ‘Dawn
of the Century’ (Fig. 1). As you can see from the illustration, at the
centre of the picture is a goddess-like figure, the angel of progress,
bearing the flag of the new century. She is gently perched on a wheel
The Age of Industrialisation
with wings, symbolising time. Her flight is taking her into the future.
                                                                          New words
Floating about, behind her, are the signs of progress: railway, camera,
machines, printing press and factory.                                     Orient – The countries to the east of
                                                                          the Mediterranean, usually referring to
This glorification of machines and technology is even more marked
                                                                          Asia. The term arises out of a western
in a picture which appeared on the pages of a trade magazine over
                                                                          viewpoint that sees this region as pre-
a hundred years ago (Fig. 2). It shows two magicians. The one at the
                                                                          modern, traditional and mysterious
top is Aladdin from the Orient who built a beautiful palace with his
                                                                                                                    103
                                                          2018-19


                                   magic lamp. The one at the bottom is the modern mechanic, who
                                   with his modern tools weaves a new magic: builds bridges, ships,
                                   towers and high-rise buildings. Aladdin is shown as representing the
                                   East and the past, the mechanic stands for the West and modernity.
                                   These images offer us a triumphant account of the modern world.
                                   Within this account the modern world is associated with rapid
                                   technological change and innovations, machines and factories, railways
                                   and steamships. The history of industrialisation thus becomes simply
                                   a story of development, and the modern age appears as a wonderful
                                   time of technological progress.
                                   These images and associations have now become part of popular
                                   imagination. Do you not see rapid industrialisation as a time of
                                   progress and modernity? Do you not think that the spread of railways
                                   and factories, and construction of high-rise buildings and bridges is
                                   a sign of society’s development?
                                   How have these images developed? And how do we relate to these
                                   ideas? Is industrialisation always based on rapid technological
                                   development? Can we today continue to glorify continuous                     Fig. 2 – Two Magicians, published in Inland
                                                                                                                Printers, 26 January 1901.
                                   mechanisation of all work? What has industrialisation meant to
                                   people’s lives? To answer such questions we need to turn to the
                                   history of industrialisation.
                                   In this chapter we will look at this history by focusing first on Britain,
                                   the first industrial nation, and then India, where the pattern of
                                   industrial change was conditioned by colonial rule.
                                     Activity
                                     Give two examples where modern development that is associated
India and the Contemporary World
                                     with progress has led to problems. You may like to think of areas
                                     related to environmental issues, nuclear weapons or disease.
                                   104
                                                                                                2018-19


1 Before the Industrial Revolution
All too often we associate industrialisation with the growth of
factory industry. When we talk of industrial production we refer
to factory production. When we talk of industrial workers we
mean factory workers. Histories of industrialisation very often begin
with the setting up of the first factories.
There is a problem with such ideas. Even before factories began to
dot the landscape in England and Europe, there was large-scale           New words
industrial production for an international market. This was not based    Proto – Indicating the first or early form
on factories. Many historians now refer to this phase of                 of something
industrialisation as proto-industrialisation.
In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, merchants from the towns
in Europe began moving to the countryside, supplying money to
peasants and artisans, persuading them to produce for an international
market. With the expansion of world trade and the acquisition of
colonies in different parts of the world, the demand for goods
began growing. But merchants could not expand production within
towns. This was because here urban crafts and trade guilds were
powerful. These were associations of producers that trained
craftspeople, maintained control over production, regulated
competition and prices, and restricted the entry of new people into
the trade. Rulers granted different guilds the monopoly
right to produce and trade in specific products. It was
therefore difficult for new merchants to set up
business in towns. So they turned to the countryside.
In the countryside poor peasants and artisans began
working for merchants. As you have seen in the
                                                                                                                            The Age of Industrialisation
textbook last year, this was a time when open fields
were disappearing and commons were being
enclosed. Cottagers and poor peasants who had earlier
depended on common lands for their survival,
gathering their firewood, berries, vegetables, hay and
straw, had to now look for alternative sources of
income. Many had tiny plots of land which could not
provide work for all members of the household. So
                                                           Fig. 3 – Spinning in the eighteenth century.
when merchants came around and offered advances            You can see each member of the family involved in the
to produce goods for them, peasant households              production of yarn. Notice that one wheel is moving only one
                                                           spindle.
eagerly agreed. By working for the merchants, they
                                                                                                                      105
                                                         2018-19


                                   could remain in the countryside and continue to cultivate their small
                                   plots. Income from proto-industrial production supplemented their         New words
                                   shrinking income from cultivation. It also allowed them a fuller use      Stapler – A person who ‘staples’ or sorts wool
                                   of their family labour resources.                                         according to its fibre
                                   Within this system a close relationship developed between the town        Fuller – A person who ‘fulls’ – that is, gathers
                                   and the countryside. Merchants were based in towns but the work           – cloth by pleating
                                   was done mostly in the countryside. A merchant clothier in England        Carding – The process in which fibres, such as
                                   purchased wool from a wool stapler, and carried it to the spinners;       cotton or wool, are prepared prior to spinning
                                   the yarn (thread) that was spun was taken in subsequent stages
                                   of production to weavers, fullers, and then to dyers. The finishing
                                   was done in London before the export merchant sold the cloth in
                                   the international market. London in fact came to be known as a
                                   finishing centre.
                                   This proto-industrial system was thus part of a network of
                                   commercial exchanges. It was controlled by merchants and the goods
                                   were produced by a vast number of producers working within
                                   their family farms, not in factories. At each stage of production 20
                                   to 25 workers were employed by each merchant. This meant that
                                   each clothier was controlling hundreds of workers.
                                   1.1 The Coming Up of the Factory
                                   The earliest factories in England came up by the 1730s. But it
                                   was only in the late eighteenth century that the number of
                                   factories multiplied.
                                   The first symbol of the new era was cotton. Its production boomed
                                   in the late nineteenth century. In 1760 Britain was importing 2.5
                                   million pounds of raw cotton to feed its cotton industry. By 1787
                                   this import soared to 22 million pounds. This increase was linked to
India and the Contemporary World
                                   a number of changes within the process of production. Let us look
                                   briefly at some of these.
                                   A series of inventions in the eighteenth century increased the efficacy
                                   of each step of the production process (carding, twisting and
                                   spinning, and rolling). They enhanced the output per worker, enabling
                                   each worker to produce more, and they made possible the                   Fig. 4 – A Lancashire cotton mill, painted by
                                                                                                             C.E. Turner, The Illustrated London News,
                                   production of stronger threads and yarn. Then Richard Arkwright           1925.
                                   created the cotton mill. Till this time, as you have seen, cloth          The artist said: ‘Seen through the humid
                                                                                                             atmosphere that makes Lancashire the best
                                   production was spread all over the countryside and carried out within     cotton-spinning locality in the world, a huge
                                   village households. But now, the costly new machines could be             cotton-mill aglow with electricity in the
                                                                                                             twilight, is a most impressive sight.’
                                   purchased, set up and maintained in the mill. Within the mill all the
                                   106
                                                                                             2018-19


processes were brought together under one roof and management.
This allowed a more careful supervision over the production process,     Activity
a watch over quality, and the regulation of labour, all of which had     The way in which historians focus on
been difficult to do when production was in the countryside.             industrialisation rather than on small
                                                                         workshops is a good example of how what we
In the early nineteenth century, factories increasingly became an
                                                                         believe today about the past is influenced by
intimate part of the English landscape. So visible were the imposing
                                                                         what historians choose to notice and what they
new mills, so magical seemed to be the power of new technology,
                                                                         ignore. Note down one event or aspect of your
that contemporaries were dazzled. They concentrated their attention      own life which adults such as your parents or
on the mills, almost forgetting the bylanes and the workshops where      teachers may think is unimportant, but which
production still continued.                                              you believe to be important.
 Fig. 5 – Industrial Manchester by M. Jackson, The Illustrated London News, 1857.
 Chimneys billowing smoke came to characterise the industrial landscape.
1.2 The Pace of Industrial Change
                                                                                                                               The Age of Industrialisation
                                                                         Activity
How rapid was the process of industrialisation? Does industrialisation
                                                                         Look at Figs. 4 and 5. Can you see any
mean only the growth of factory industries?
                                                                         difference in the way the two images show
First: The most dynamic industries in Britain were clearly cotton and    industrialisation? Explain your view briefly.
metals. Growing at a rapid pace, cotton was the leading sector in the
first phase of industrialisation up to the 1840s. After that the iron
and steel industry led the way. With the expansion of railways, in
England from the 1840s and in the colonies from the 1860s, the
demand for iron and steel increased rapidly. By 1873 Britain was
exporting iron and steel worth about £ 77 million, double the value
of its cotton export.
                                                                                                                         107
                                                         2018-19


                                   Second: the new industries could not easily displace traditional
                                   industries. Even at the end of the nineteenth century, less than 20 per
                                   cent of the total workforce was employed in technologically
                                   advanced industrial sectors. Textiles was a dynamic sector, but a
                                   large portion of the output was produced not within factories, but
                                   outside, within domestic units.
                                   Third: the pace of change in the ‘traditional’ industries was not set
                                   by steam-powered cotton or metal industries, but they did not remain
                                   entirely stagnant either. Seemingly ordinary and small innovations        Fig. 6 – A fitting shop at a railway works in
                                   were the basis of growth in many non-mechanised sectors such as           England, The Illustrated London News, 1849.
                                                                                                             In the fitting shop new locomotive engines were
                                   food processing, building, pottery, glass work, tanning, furniture        completed and old ones repaired.
                                   making, and production of implements.
                                   Fourth: technological changes occurred slowly. They did not spread
                                   dramatically across the industrial landscape. New technology was
                                   expensive and merchants and industrialists were cautious about using
                                   it. The machines often broke down and repair was costly. They
                                   were not as effective as their inventors and manufacturers claimed.
                                   Consider the case of the steam engine. James Watt improved the
                                   steam engine produced by Newcomen and patented the new engine
                                   in 1781. His industrialist friend Mathew Boulton manufactured the
                                   new model. But for years he could find no buyers. At the beginning
                                   of the nineteenth century, there were no more than 321 steam engines
                                   all over England. Of these, 80 were
                                   in cotton industries, nine in wool
                                   industries, and the rest in mining,
                                   canal works and iron works. Steam
                                   engines were not used in any of the
                                   other industries till much later in
India and the Contemporary World
                                   the century. So even the most
                                   powerful new technology that
                                   enhanced the productivity of
                                   labour manifold was slow to be
                                   accepted by industrialists.
                                   Historians now have come to
                                   increasingly recognise that the typical
                                   worker in the mid-nineteenth century      Fig. 7 – A spinning factory in 1830.
                                   was not a machine operator but the        You can see how giant wheels moved by steam power could set in motion
                                                                             hundreds of spindles to manufacture thread.
                                   traditional craftsperson and labourer.
                                   108
                                                                                             2018-19


2 Hand Labour and Steam Power
In Victorian Britain there was no shortage of human labour. Poor       Source A
peasants and vagrants moved to the cities in large numbers in search
of jobs, waiting for work. As you will know, when there is plenty of    Will Thorne is one of those who went in search
labour, wages are low. So industrialists had no problem of labour       of seasonal work, loading bricks and doing odd
                                                                        jobs. He describes how job-seekers walked to
shortage or high wage costs. They did not want to introduce machines    London in search of work:
that got rid of human labour and required large capital investment.     ‘I had always wanted to go to London, and my
                                                                        desire … was stimulated by letters from an old
In many industries the demand for labour was seasonal. Gas works        workmate … who was now working at the Old
and breweries were especially busy through the cold months. So          Kent Road Gas Works … I finally decided to go …
they needed more workers to meet their peak demand. Book-               in November, 1881. With two friends I started
                                                                        out to walk the journey, filled with the hope
binders and printers, catering to Christmas demand, too needed          that we would be able to obtain employment,
extra hands before December. At the waterfront, winter was the          when we get there, with the kind assistance of
time that ships were repaired and spruced up. In all such industries    my friend … we had little money when we
                                                                        started, not enough to pay for our food and
where production fluctuated with the season, industrialists usually     lodgings each night until we arrived in London.
preferred hand labour, employing workers for the season.                Some days we walked as much as twenty miles,
                                                                        and other days less. Our money was gone at
                                                                        the end of the third day … For two nights we
                                                                        slept out – once under a haystack, and once in
                                                                        an old farm shed … On arrival in London we tried
                                                                        to find … my friend … but … were unsuccessful.
                                                                        Our money was gone, so there was nothing for
                                                                        us to do but to walk around until late at night,
                                                                        and then try to find some place to sleep. We
                                                                        found an old building and slept in it that night.
                                                                        The next day, Sunday, late in the afternoon, we
                                                                        got to the Old Kent Gas Works, and applied for
                                                                        work. To my great surprise, the man we had
                                                                        been looking for was working at the time. He
                                                                        spoke to the foreman and I was given a job.’
                                                                        Quoted in Raphael Samuel, ‘Comers and Goers’,
                                                                        in H.J. Dyos and Michael Wolff, eds, The Victorian
                                                                        City: Images and Realities, 1973.
                                                                                                                             The Age of Industrialisation
                                                                                                    Source
 Fig. 8 – People on the move in search of work, The Illustrated
 London News, 1879.
 Some people were always on the move selling small goods and
 looking for temporary work.
                                                                        Activity
A range of products could be produced only with hand                    Imagine that you are a merchant writing back
                                                                        to a salesman who has been trying to
labour. Machines were oriented to producing uniforms,
                                                                        persuade you to buy a new machine. Explain
standardised goods for a mass market. But the demand in the market
                                                                        in your letter what you have heard and why you
was often for goods with intricate designs and specific shapes. In
                                                                        do not wish to invest in the new technology.
mid-nineteenth-century Britain, for instance, 500 varieties of
                                                                                                                       109
                                                       2018-19


                                   hammers were produced and 45 kinds of axes. These required
                                   human skill, not mechanical technology.
                                   In Victorian Britain, the upper classes – the aristocrats and the
                                   bourgeoisie – preferred things produced by hand. Handmade
                                   products came to symbolise refinement and class. They were better
                                   finished, individually produced, and carefully designed. Machine-
                                   made goods were for export to the colonies.
                                   In countries with labour shortage, industrialists were keen on using
                                   mechanical power so that the need for human labour can be
                                   minimised. This was the case in nineteenth-century America. Britain,
                                   however, had no problem hiring human hands.
                                                                                                             Fig. 9 – Workers in an iron works, north-east
                                   2.1 Life of the Workers                                                   England, painting by William Bell Scott, 1861.
                                                                                                             Many artists from the late nineteenth century
                                   The abundance of labour in the market affected the lives of workers.      began idealising workers: they were shown
                                   As news of possible jobs travelled to the countryside, hundreds           suffering hardship and pain for the cause of
                                                                                                             the nation.
                                   tramped to the cities. The actual possibility of getting a job depended
                                   on existing networks of friendship and kin relations. If you had
                                   a relative or a friend in a factory, you were more likely to get a
                                   job quickly. But not everyone had social connections. Many job-
                                   seekers had to wait weeks, spending nights under bridges or in night
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 10 – Houseless and Hungry, painting by Samuel Luke Fildes, 1874.
                                    This painting shows the homeless in London applying for tickets to stay overnight in a workhouse. These shelters
                                    were maintained under the supervision of the Poor Law Commissioners for the ‘destitute, wayfarers, wanderers and
                                    foundling’. Staying in these workhouses was a humiliating experience: everyone was subjected to a medical
                                    examination to see whether they were carrying disease, their bodies were cleansed, and their clothes purified. They
                                    had to also do hard labour.
                                   110
                                                                                             2018-19


shelters. Some stayed in Night Refuges that were set up by private
                                                                          spindles
individuals; others went to the Casual Wards maintained by the Poor
Law authorities.
Seasonality of work in many industries meant prolonged periods
without work. After the busy season was over, the poor were on
the streets again. Some returned to the countryside after the winter,
when the demand for labour in the rural areas opened up in places.
But most looked for odd jobs, which till the mid-nineteenth century
were difficult to find.                                                 spindles
Wages increased somewhat in the early nineteenth century. But they      Fig. 11 – A Spinning Jenny, a drawing by
tell us little about the welfare of the workers. The average figures    T.E. Nicholson, 1835.
                                                                        Notice the number of spindles that could be
hide the variations between trades and the fluctuations from year to    operated with one wheel.
year. For instance, when prices rose sharply during the prolonged
Napoleonic War, the real value of what the workers earned fell
significantly, since the same wages could now buy fewer things.
Moreover, the income of workers depended not on the wage rate
alone. What was also critical was the period of employment: the
number of days of work determined the average daily income of
                                                                        New words
the workers. At the best of times till the mid-nineteenth century,
about 10 per cent of the urban population were extremely poor. In       Spinning Jenny – Devised by James Hargreaves
periods of economic slump, like the 1830s, the proportion of            in 1764, this machine speeded up the spinning
unemployed went up to anything between 35 and 75 per cent in            process and reduced labour demand. By
different regions.                                                      turning one single wheel a worker could set in
                                                                        motion a number of spindles and spin several
The fear of unemployment made workers hostile to the introduction
                                                                        threads at the same time.
of new technology. When the Spinning Jenny was introduced in
Source B
                                                                        Discuss
 A magistrate reported in 1790 about an incident when he was
                                                                        Look at Figs. 3, 7 and 11, then reread source B.
                                                                                                                            The Age of Industrialisation
 called in to protect a manufacturer’s property from being attacked
 by workers:                                                            Explain why many workers were opposed to the
 ‘From the depredations of a lawless Banditti of colliers and their     use of the Spinning Jenny.
 wives, for the wives had lost their work to spinning engines … they
 advanced at first with much insolence, avowing their intention of
 cutting to pieces the machine lately introduced in the woollen
 manufacture; which they suppose, if generally adopted, will lessen
 the demand for manual labour. The women became clamorous.
 The men were more open to conviction and after some
 expostulation were induced to desist from their purpose and return
 peaceably home.’
 J.L. Hammond and B. Hammond, The Skilled Labourer 1760-1832,
 quoted in Maxine Berg, The Age of Manufactures.
                                                  Source
                                                                                                                      111
                                                         2018-19


                                    Fig. 12 – A shallow underground railway being constructed in central London, Illustrated Times, 1868.
                                    From the 1850s railway stations began coming up all over London. This meant a demand for large numbers of
                                    workers to dig tunnels, erect timber scaffolding, do the brick and iron works. Job-seekers moved from one
                                    construction site to another.
                                   the woollen industry, women who survived on hand spinning began
                                   attacking the new machines. This conflict over the introduction of
                                   the jenny continued for a long time.
                                   After the 1840s, building activity intensified in the cities, opening up
India and the Contemporary World
                                   greater opportunities of employment. Roads were widened, new
                                   railway stations came up, railway lines were extended, tunnels dug,
                                   drainage and sewers laid, rivers embanked. The number of workers
                                   employed in the transport industry doubled in the 1840s, and doubled
                                   again in the subsequent 30 years.
                                   112
                                                                                              2018-19


3 Industrialisation in the Colonies
Let us now move to India to see how a colony industrialises. Once
again we will look not only at factory industries but also at the
non-mechanised sector. We will limit our discussion primarily to
textile industries.
3.1 The Age of Indian Textiles
Before the age of machine industries, silk and cotton goods from
India dominated the international market in textiles. Coarser cottons
were produced in many countries, but the finer varieties often came
from India. Armenian and Persian merchants took the goods from
Punjab to Afghanistan, eastern Persia and Central Asia. Bales of fine
textiles were carried on camel back via the north-west frontier, through
mountain passes and across deserts. A vibrant sea trade operated           Activity
through the main pre-colonial ports. Surat on the Gujarat coast
                                                                           On a map of Asia, find and draw the sea and
connected India to the Gulf and Red Sea Ports; Masulipatam on
                                                                           land links of the textile trade from India to
the Coromandel coast and Hoogly in Bengal had trade links with
                                                                           Central Asia, West Asia and Southeast Asia.
Southeast Asian ports.
A variety of Indian merchants and bankers were involved in this
network of export trade – financing production, carrying goods
and supplying exporters. Supply merchants linked the port towns to
the inland regions. They gave advances to weavers, procured the
woven cloth from weaving villages, and carried the supply to the
ports. At the port, the big shippers and export merchants had brokers
who negotiated the price and bought goods from the supply
merchants operating inland.
                                                                                                                                 The Age of Industrialisation
By the 1750s this network, controlled by Indian merchants, was
breaking down.
The European companies gradually gained power – first securing a
variety of concessions from local courts, then the monopoly rights
to trade. This resulted in a decline of the old ports of Surat and
Hoogly through which local merchants had operated. Exports from
these ports fell dramatically, the credit that had financed the earlier
trade began drying up, and the local bankers slowly went bankrupt.
In the last years of the seventeenth century, the gross value of trade
that passed through Surat had been Rs 16 million. By the 1740s it
had slumped to Rs 3 million.
                                                                                                                           113
                                                          2018-19


                                    Fig. 13 – The English factory at Surat, a seventeenth-century drawing.
                                   While Surat and Hoogly decayed, Bombay and Calcutta grew. This
                                   shift from the old ports to the new ones was an indicator of the
                                   growth of colonial power. Trade through the new ports came to
                                   be controlled by European companies, and was carried in European
                                   ships. While many of the old trading houses collapsed, those that
                                   wanted to survive had to now operate within a network shaped by
                                   European trading companies.
                                   How did these changes affect the life of weavers and other artisans?
India and the Contemporary World
                                   3.2 What Happened to Weavers?
                                   The consolidation of East India Company power after the 1760s
                                   did not initially lead to a decline in textile exports from India. British
                                   cotton industries had not yet expanded and Indian fine textiles were
                                   in great demand in Europe. So the company was keen on expanding
                                   textile exports from India.
                                   Before establishing political power in Bengal and Carnatic in the
                                   1760s and 1770s, the East India Company had found it difficult to
                                   ensure a regular supply of goods for export. The French, Dutch,              Fig. 14 – A weaver at work, Gujarat.
                                   114
                                                                                                2018-19


Portuguese as well as the local traders competed in the market
to secure woven cloth. So the weaver and supply merchants
could bargain and try selling the produce to the best buyer. In
their letters back to London, Company officials continuously
complained of difficulties of supply and the high prices.
However, once the East India Company established political
power, it could assert a monopoly right to trade. It proceeded
to develop a system of management and control that would
eliminate competition, control costs, and ensure regular supplies
of cotton and silk goods. This it did through a series of steps.
First: the Company tried to eliminate the existing traders and
brokers connected with the cloth trade, and establish a more
direct control over the weaver. It appointed a paid servant called
the gomastha to supervise weavers, collect supplies, and examine
the quality of cloth.
Second: it prevented Company weavers from dealing with other
buyers. One way of doing this was through the system of advances.
Once an order was placed, the weavers were given loans to purchase
the raw material for their production. Those who took loans had to
hand over the cloth they produced to the gomastha. They could not
take it to any other trader.
As loans flowed in and the demand for fine textiles expanded,
weavers eagerly took the advances, hoping to earn more. Many
weavers had small plots of land which they had earlier cultivated
along with weaving, and the produce from this took care of their
family needs. Now they had to lease out the land and devote all their
time to weaving. Weaving, in fact, required the labour of the entire
family, with children and women all engaged in different stages of
                                                                                                                           The Age of Industrialisation
the process.
                                                                           New words
Soon, however, in many weaving villages there were reports of
clashes between weavers and gomasthas. Earlier supply merchants had        Sepoy – This is how the British pronounced
very often lived within the weaving villages, and had a close              the word sipahi, meaning an Indian soldier in
relationship with the weavers, looking after their needs and helping       the service of the British
them in times of crisis. The new gomasthas were outsiders, with no
long-term social link with the village. They acted arrogantly, marched
into villages with sepoys and peons, and punished weavers for delays
in supply – often beating and flogging them. The weavers lost the
space to bargain for prices and sell to different buyers: the price they
received from the Company was miserably low and the loans they
had accepted tied them to the Company.
                                                                                                                     115
                                                          2018-19


                                   In many places in Carnatic and Bengal, weavers deserted villages
                                   and migrated, setting up looms in other villages where they had
                                   some family relation. Elsewhere, weavers along with the village
                                   traders revolted, opposing the Company and its officials. Over time
                                   many weavers began refusing loans, closing down their workshops
                                   and taking to agricultural labour.
                                   By the turn of the nineteenth century, cotton weavers faced a
                                   new set of problems.
                                   3.3 Manchester Comes to India
                                   In 1772, Henry Patullo, a Company official, had ventured to            Source C
                                   say that the demand for Indian textiles could never reduce, since
                                   no other nation produced goods of the same quality. Yet by              The Commissioner of Patna wrote:
                                   the beginning of the nineteenth century we see the beginning of         ‘It appears that twenty yeas ago, a brisk trade
                                                                                                           was carried on in the manufacture of cloth at
                                   a long decline of textile exports from India. In 1811-12
                                                                                                           Jahanabad, and Behar, which has in the former
                                   piece-goods accounted for 33 per cent of India’s exports; by            place entirely ceased, while in the latter the
                                   1850-51 it was no more than 3 per cent.                                 amount of manufacture is very limited, in
                                                                                                           consequence of the cheap and durable goods
                                   Why did this happen? What were its implications?                        from Manchester with which the Native
                                                                                                           manufactures are unable to compete.’
                                   As cotton industries developed in England, industrial groups began      Quoted in J. Krishnamurty, ‘Deindustrialisation in
                                   worrying about imports from other countries. They pressurised           Gangetic Bihar during the nineteenth century’,
                                   the government to impose import duties on cotton textiles so that       The Indian Economic and Social History Review,
                                                                                                           1985.
                                   Manchester goods could sell in Britain without facing any                                           Source
                                   competition from outside. At the same time industrialists persuaded
                                   the East India Company to sell British manufactures in Indian
                                   markets as well. Exports of British cotton goods increased
                                                                                                          Source D
                                   dramatically in the early nineteenth century. At the end of the
                                   eighteenth century there had been virtually no import of cotton
                                                                                                           Reporting on the Koshtis, a community of
                                   piece-goods into India. But by 1850 cotton piece-goods constituted
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                           weavers, the Census Report of Central Provinces
                                   over 31 per cent of the value of Indian imports; and by the 1870s       stated:
                                   this figure was over 50 per cent.                                       ‘The Koshtis, like the weavers of the finer kinds
                                                                                                           of cloth in other parts of India, have fallen upon
                                   Cotton weavers in India thus faced two problems at the same time:       evil times. They are unable to compete with the
                                                                                                           showy goods which Manchester sends in such
                                   their export market collapsed, and the local market shrank, being
                                                                                                           profusion, and they have of late years emigrated
                                   glutted with Manchester imports. Produced by machines at lower          in great numbers, chiefly to Berar, where as day
                                   costs, the imported cotton goods were so cheap that weavers could       labourers they are able to obtain wages …’
                                   not easily compete with them. By the 1850s, reports from most           Census Report of Central Provinces, 1872, quoted
                                                                                                           in Sumit Guha, ‘The handloom industry in Central
                                   weaving regions of India narrated stories of decline and desolation.
                                                                                                           India, 1825-1950’, The Indian Economic and Social
                                                                                                           History Review.
                                   By the 1860s, weavers faced a new problem. They could not get
                                   sufficient supply of raw cotton of good quality. When the American
                                                                                                                                       Source
                                   116
                                                                                           2018-19


 Fig. 15 – Bombay harbour, a late-eighteenth-century drawing.
 Bombay and Calcutta grew as trading ports from the 1780s. This marked the decline of the old trading order
 and the growth of the colonial economy.
Civil War broke out and cotton supplies from the US were cut
off, Britain turned to India. As raw cotton exports from India
increased, the price of raw cotton shot up. Weavers in India
were starved of supplies and forced to buy raw cotton at
exorbitant prices. In this, situation weaving could not pay.
Then, by the end of the nineteenth century, weavers and other
craftspeople faced yet another problem. Factories in India began
                                                                                                                    The Age of Industrialisation
production, flooding the market with machine-goods. How could
weaving industries possibly survive?
                                                                                                              117
                                                      2018-19


                                   4 Factories Come Up
                                   The first cotton mill in Bombay came up in 1854 and it went into
                                   production two years later. By 1862 four mills were at work with
                                   94,000 spindles and 2,150 looms. Around the same time jute mills
                                   came up in Bengal, the first being set up in 1855 and another one
                                   seven years later, in 1862. In north India, the Elgin Mill was started
                                   in Kanpur in the 1860s, and a year later the first cotton mill of
                                   Ahmedabad was set up. By 1874, the first spinning and weaving
                                   mill of Madras began production.
                                   Who set up the industries? Where did the capital come from? Who
                                   came to work in the mills?                                                Fig. 16 – Jamsetjee Jeejeebhoy.
                                                                                                             Jeejeebhoy was the son of a Parsi weaver. Like
                                                                                                             many others of his time, he was involved in
                                   4.1 The Early Entrepreneurs                                               the China trade and shipping. He owned a
                                                                                                             large fleet of ships, but competition from
                                   Industries were set up in different regions by varying sorts of people.   English and American shippers forced him to
                                                                                                             sell his ships by the 1850s.
                                   Let us see who they were.
                                   The history of many business groups goes back to trade with China.
                                   From the late eighteenth century, as you have read in your book last
                                   year, the British in India began exporting opium to China and took
                                   tea from China to England. Many Indians became junior players in
                                   this trade, providing finance, procuring supplies, and shipping
                                   consignments. Having earned through trade, some of these
                                   businessmen had visions of developing industrial enterprises in India.
                                   In Bengal, Dwarkanath Tagore made his fortune in the China trade
                                   before he turned to industrial investment, setting up six joint-stock
                                   companies in the 1830s and 1840s. Tagore’s enterprises sank along
                                   with those of others in the wider business crises of the 1840s, but
India and the Contemporary World
                                   later in the nineteenth century many of the China traders became
                                   successful industrialists. In Bombay, Parsis like Dinshaw Petit and
                                   Jamsetjee Nusserwanjee Tata who built huge industrial empires in
                                   India, accumulated their initial wealth partly from exports to China,
                                   and partly from raw cotton shipments to England. Seth Hukumchand,
                                   a Marwari businessman who set up the first Indian jute mill in
                                   Calcutta in 1917, also traded with China. So did the father as well as
                                   grandfather of the famous industrialist G.D. Birla.                       Fig. 17 – Dwarkanath Tagore.
                                                                                                             Dwarkanath Tagore believed that India would
                                   Capital was accumulated through other trade networks. Some                develop through westernisation and
                                                                                                             industrialisation. He invested in shipping,
                                   merchants from Madras traded with Burma while others had links            shipbuilding, mining, banking, plantations
                                   with the Middle East and East Africa. There were yet other                and insurance.
                                   118
                                                                                             2018-19


commercial groups, but they were not directly involved in external
trade. They operated within India, carrying goods from one place
to another, banking money, transferring funds between cities, and
financing traders. When opportunities of investment in industries
opened up, many of them set up factories.
As colonial control over Indian trade tightened, the space within
which Indian merchants could function became increasingly limited.
They were barred from trading with Europe in manufactured goods,
and had to export mostly raw materials and food grains – raw
cotton, opium, wheat and indigo – required by the British. They
were also gradually edged out of the shipping business.                  Fig. 18 – Partners in enterprise – J.N. Tata,
                                                                         R.D. Tata, Sir R.J. Tata, and Sir D.J. Tata.
Till the First World War, European Managing Agencies in fact             In 1912, J.N. Tata set up the first iron and steel
                                                                         works in India at Jamshedpur. Iron and steel
controlled a large sector of Indian industries. Three of the biggest     industries in India started much later than
ones were Bird Heiglers & Co., Andrew Yule, and Jardine Skinner          textiles. In colonial India industrial machinery,
                                                                         railways and locomotives were mostly imported.
& Co. These Agencies mobilised capital, set up joint-stock companies     So capital goods industries could not really
and managed them. In most instances Indian financiers provided           develop in any significant way till Independence.
the capital while the European Agencies made all investment and
business decisions. The European merchant-industrialists had their
own chambers of commerce which Indian businessmen were not
allowed to join.
4.2 Where Did the Workers Come From?
Factories needed workers. With the expansion of factories, this
demand increased. In 1901, there were 584,000 workers in Indian
factories. By 1946 the number was over 2,436, 000. Where did the
workers come from?
 In most industrial regions workers came from the districts around.
Peasants and artisans who found no work in the village went to the
                                                                                                                              The Age of Industrialisation
industrial centres in search of work. Over 50 per cent workers in the
Bombay cotton industries in 1911 came from the neighbouring
district of Ratnagiri, while the mills of Kanpur got most of their
textile hands from the villages within the district of Kanpur. Most
often millworkers moved between the village and the city, returning
to their village homes during harvests and festivals.
Over time, as news of employment spread, workers travelled great
distances in the hope of work in the mills. From the United Provinces,   Fig. 19 – Young workers of a Bombay
                                                                         mill, early twentieth century.
for instance, they went to work in the textile mills of Bombay and in    When workers went back to their village
the jute mills of Calcutta.                                              homes, they liked dressing up.
                                                                                                                        119
                                                         2018-19


                                   Getting jobs was always difficult, even when mills multiplied and
                                   the demand for workers increased. The numbers seeking work were
                                   always more than the jobs available. Entry into the mills was also
                                   restricted. Industrialists usually employed a jobber to get new recruits.
                                   Very often the jobber was an old and trusted worker. He got people
                                   from his village, ensured them jobs, helped them settle in the city
                                   and provided them money in times of crisis. The jobber therefore
                                   became a person with some authority and power. He began
                                   demanding money and gifts for his favour and controlling the lives
                                   of workers.
                                   The number of factory workers increased over time. However,
                                   as you will see, they were a small proportion of the total
                                   industrial workforce.
                                   Source E
                                    Vasant Parkar, who was once a millworker in Bombay, said:                   Fig. 20 – A head jobber.
                                    ‘The workers would pay the jobbers money to get their sons work             Notice how the posture and clothes
                                                                                                                emphasise the jobber’s position of
                                    in the mill … The mill worker was closely associated with his village,
                                                                                                                authority.
                                    physically and emotionally. He would go home to cut the harvest
                                    and for sowing. The Konkani would go home to cut the paddy
                                    and the Ghati, the sugarcane. It was an accepted practice for
                                    which the mills granted leave.’
                                    Meena Menon and Neera Adarkar, One Hundred Years: One Hundred
                                    Voices, 2004.
                                                                          Source
                                                                                                               Source F
                                                                                                                Bhai Bhosle, a trade unionist of Bombay,
                                                                                                                recollected his childhood in the 1930s and 1940s:
                                                                                                                ‘In those days, the shift was 10 hours – from
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                5 pm to 3 am – terrible working hours. My father
                                                                                                                worked for 35 years; he got the asthma like
                                                                                                                disease and could not work any more…Then my
                                                                                                                father went back to village.’
                                                                                                                Meena Menon and Neera Adarkar, One Hundred
                                                                                                                Years: One Hundred Voices.
                                                                                                                                               Source
                                    Fig. 21 – Spinners at work in an Ahmedabad mill.
                                    Women worked mostly in the spinning departments.
                                   120
                                                                                               2018-19


 5 The Peculiarities of Industrial Growth
European Managing Agencies, which dominated industrial
production in India, were interested in certain kinds of products.
They established tea and coffee plantations, acquiring land at cheap
rates from the colonial government; and they invested in mining,
indigo and jute. Most of these were products required primarily for
export trade and not for sale in India.
When Indian businessmen began setting up industries in the late
nineteenth century, they avoided competing with Manchester goods
in the Indian market. Since yarn was not an important part of British
imports into India, the early cotton mills in India produced coarse
cotton yarn (thread) rather than fabric. When yarn was imported it
was only of the superior variety. The yarn produced in Indian spinning
mills was used by handloom weavers in India or exported to China.
By the first decade of the twentieth century a series of changes
affected the pattern of industrialisation. As the swadeshi movement
gathered momentum, nationalists mobilised people to boycott foreign
cloth. Industrial groups organised themselves to protect their collective
interests, pressurising the government to increase tariff protection
and grant other concessions. From 1906, moreover, the export of
Indian yarn to China declined since produce from Chinese and
Japanese mills flooded the Chinese market.
So industrialists in India began shifting from
yarn to cloth production. Cotton piece-
goods production in India doubled between
1900 and 1912.
Yet, till the First World War, industrial growth
                                                                                                                               The Age of Industrialisation
was slow. The war created a dramatically
new situation. With British mills busy with
war production to meet the needs of the
army, Manchester imports into India
declined. Suddenly, Indian mills had a vast
home market to supply. As the war
prolonged, Indian factories were called
upon to supply war needs: jute bags, cloth
for army uniforms, tents and leather boots,        Fig. 22 – The first office of the Madras Chamber of Commerce.
                                                   By the late nineteenth century merchants in different regions began
horse and mule saddles and a host of other         meeting and forming Chambers of Commerce to regulate business and
items. New factories were set up and old           decide on issues of collective concern.
                                                                                                                         121
                                                           2018-19


                                   ones ran multiple shifts. Many new workers were employed and
                                   everyone was made to work longer hours. Over the war years
                                   industrial production boomed.
                                   After the war, Manchester could never recapture its old position in
                                   the Indian market. Unable to modernise and compete with the US,
                                   Germany and Japan, the economy of Britain crumbled after the
                                   war. Cotton production collapsed and exports of cotton cloth from
                                   Britain fell dramatically. Within the colonies, local industrialists
                                   gradually consolidated their position, substituting foreign
                                   manufactures and capturing the home market.
                                   5.1 Small-scale Industries Predominate
                                   While factory industries grew steadily after the war, large industries
                                   formed only a small segment of the economy. Most of them –
                                   about 67 per cent in 1911 – were located in Bengal and Bombay.
                                   Over the rest of the country, small-scale production continued to
                                   predominate. Only a small proportion of the total industrial labour
                                   force worked in registered factories: 5 per cent in 1911 and 10 per
                                   cent in 1931. The rest worked in small workshops and household
                                   units, often located in alleys and bylanes, invisible to the passer-by.
                                   In fact, in some instances, handicrafts production actually expanded
                                   in the twentieth century. This is true even in the case of the handloom
                                   sector that we have discussed. While cheap machine-made thread
                                   wiped out the spinning industry in the nineteenth century, the weavers    Fig. 23 – A Hand-woven
                                                                                                             Cloth.
                                   survived, despite problems. In the twentieth century, handloom            The intricate designs of
                                   cloth production expanded steadily: almost trebling between 1900          hand-woven cloth could
                                                                                                             not be easily copied by the
                                   and 1940.                                                                 mills.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   How did this happen?
                                   This was partly because of technological changes. Handicrafts people
                                   adopt new technology if that helps them improve production                New words
                                   without excessively pushing up costs. So, by the second decade of
                                   the twentieth century we find weavers using looms with a fly shuttle.     Fly shuttle – It is a mechanical device used for
                                   This increased productivity per worker, speeded up production and         weaving, moved by means of ropes and pullies.
                                   reduced labour demand. By 1941, over 35 per cent of handlooms             It places the horizontal threads ( called the weft)
                                   in India were fitted with fly shuttles: in regions like Travancore,       into the verticle threads (called the warp). The
                                   Madras, Mysore, Cochin, Bengal the proportion was 70 to 80 per            invention of the fly shuttle made it possible
                                   cent. There were several other small innovations that helped weavers      for weavers to operate large looms and weave
                                   improve their productivity and compete with the mill sector.              wide pieces of cloth.
                                   122
                                                                                             2018-19


Certain groups of weavers were in a better position than others to
survive the competition with mill industries. Amongst weavers some
produced coarse cloth while others wove finer varieties. The coarser
cloth was bought by the poor and its demand fluctuated violently.
In times of bad harvests and famines, when the rural poor had little
to eat, and their cash income disappeared, they could not possibly
buy cloth. The demand for the finer varieties bought by the
well-to-do was more stable. The rich could buy these even when the
poor starved. Famines did not affect the sale of Banarasi or
Baluchari saris. Moreover, as you have seen, mills could not imitate
specialised weaves. Saris with woven borders, or the famous lungis
and handkerchiefs of Madras, could not be easily displaced by
mill production.
Weavers and other craftspeople who continued to expand
production through the twentieth century, did not necessarily prosper.
They lived hard lives and worked long hours. Very often the entire
household – including all the women and children – had to work at
various stages of the production process. But they were not simply
remnants of past times in the age of factories. Their life and labour
was integral to the process of industrialisation.
                         Punjab
                                  United Provinces
                                                     Bihar
                                                                                                                                      The Age of Industrialisation
                            Central Provinces
                                                             Bengal
                   Bombay
                                   Madras
                                                                       Fig. 24 – Location of large-scale industries in India, 1931.
                                                                       The circles indicate the size of industries in the different
                                                                       regions.
                                                                                                                               123
                                                                  2018-19


                                   6 Market for Goods
                                   We have seen how British manufacturers attempted to take over
                                   the Indian market, and how Indian weavers and craftsmen, traders
                                   and industrialists resisted colonial controls, demanded tariff
                                   protection, created their own spaces, and tried to extend the market
                                   for their produce.
                                   But when new products are produced people have to be
                                   persuaded to buy them. They have to feel like using the product.
                                   How was this done?
                                   One way in which new consumers are created is through
                                   advertisements. As you know, advertisements make products appear
                                   desirable and necessary. They try to shape the minds of people and
                                   create new needs. Today we live in a world where advertisements
                                   surround us. They appear in newspapers, magazines, hoardings, street
                                   walls, television screens. But if we look back into history we find
                                   that from the very beginning of the industrial age, advertisements
                                   have played a part in expanding the markets for products, and in
                                                                                                           Fig. 25 – Gripe Water calendar of 1928 by
                                   shaping a new consumer culture.                                         M.V. Dhurandhar.
                                                                                                           The image of baby Krishna was most
                                   When Manchester industrialists began selling cloth in India, they put   commonly used to popularise baby products.
                                   labels on the cloth bundles. The label was needed to make the place
                                   of manufacture and the name of the company familiar to the buyer.
                                   The label was also to be a mark of quality. When buyers saw ‘MADE
                                   IN MANCHESTER’ written in bold on the label, they were
                                   expected to feel confident about buying the cloth.
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                    Fig. 26(a) – Manchester labels, early
                                                                                                                    twentieth century.
                                                                                                                    Images of numerous Indian gods and
                                                                                                                    goddesses – Kartika, Lakshmi,
                                                                                                                    Saraswati – are shown in imported
                                                                                                                    cloth labels approving the quality of
                                                                                                                    the product being marketed.
                                                                                                                    Fig. 26(b) – Maharaja Ranjit Singh on
                                                                                                                    a Manchester label.
                                                                                                                    Historic figures are used to create
                                                                                                                    respect for the product.
                                   Fig. 26(a)                               Fig. 26(b)
                                   124
                                                                                            2018-19


But labels did not only carry words and texts. They also carried
images and were very often beautifully illustrated. If we look
at these old labels, we can have some idea of the mind of the
manufacturers, their calculations, and the way they appealed to
the people.
Images of Indian gods and goddesses regularly appeared on these
labels. It was as if the association with gods gave divine approval to
the goods being sold. The imprinted image of Krishna or Saraswati
was also intended to make the manufacture from a foreign land
appear somewhat familiar to Indian people.
By the late nineteenth century, manufacturers were printing calendars
to popularise their products. Unlike newspapers and magazines,
calendars were used even by people who could not read. They were
hung in tea shops and in poor people’s homes just as much as in
offices and middle-class apartments. And those who hung the
calendars had to see the advertisements, day after day, through the
year. In these calendars, once again, we see the figures of gods being
used to sell new products.                                               Fig. 27 – Sunlight soap calendar of 1934.
                                                                         Here God Vishnu is shown bringing sunlight
Like the images of gods, figures of important personages, of             from across the skies.
emperors and nawabs, adorned advertisement and calendars. The
message very often seemed to say: if you respect the royal figure,
then respect this product; when the product was being used by
kings, or produced under royal command, its quality could not
be questioned.
When Indian manufacturers advertised the nationalist message was
clear and loud. If you care for the nation then buy products that
Indians produce. Advertisements became a vehicle of the nationalist
message of swadeshi.
                                                                                                                            The Age of Industrialisation
Conclusion
Clearly, the age of industries has meant major technological changes,
growth of factories, and the making of a new industrial labour
force. However, as you have seen, hand technology and small-scale
production remained an important part of the industrial landscape.
Look again at Figs. 1 and 2. What would you now say of the images
they project?                                                            Fig. 28 – An Indian mill cloth label.
                                                                         The goddess is shown offering cloth produced
                                                                         in an Ahmedabad mill, and asking people to
                                                                         use things made in India.
                                                                                                                      125
                                                         2018-19


                                    Write in brief
                                         1. Explain the following:
                                            a) Women workers in Britain attacked the Spinning Jenny.
                                            b) In the seventeenth century merchants from towns in Europe began employing
                                               peasants and artisans within the villages.
                                            c) The port of Surat declined by the end of the eighteenth century.
                                            d) The East India Company appointed gomasthas to supervise weavers in India.
                                         2. Write True or False against each statement:
                                                                                                                                   Write in brief
                                            a) At the end of the nineteenth century, 80 per cent of the total workforce in
                                                Europe was employed in the technologically advanced industrial sector.
                                            b) The international market for fine textiles was dominated by India till the
                                                eighteenth century.
                                            c) The American Civil War resulted in the reduction of cotton exports from India.
                                            d) The introduction of the fly shuttle enabled handloom workers to improve their
                                                productivity.
                                         3. Explain what is meant by proto-industrialisation.
                                    Discuss
                                         1. Why did some industrialists in nineteenth-century Europe prefer hand labour over machines?
                                         2. How did the East India Company procure regular supplies of cotton and silk textiles from
                                            Indian weavers?
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                                                    Discuss
                                         3. Imagine that you have been asked to write an article for an encyclopaedia on Britain and the
                                            history of cotton. Write your piece using information from the entire chapter.
                                         4. Why did industrial production in India increase during the First World War?
                                    Project work
                                                                                                                             Project
                                         Select any one industry in your region and find out its history. How has the technology changed?
                                         Where do the workers come from? How are the products advertised and marketed? Try and talk
                                         to the employers and some workers to get their views about the industry’s history.
                                   126
                                                                                      2018-19


                                                                                              Chapter VI
Work, Life and Leisure
Cities in the Contemporary World
In 1880, Durgacharan Ray wrote a novel, Debganer Martye Aagaman
(The Gods Visit Earth), in which Brahma, the Creator in Hindu
mythology, took a train to Calcutta with some other gods. As Varuna,
the Rain God, conducted them around the capital of British India,
the gods were wonderstruck by the big, modern city – the train
itself, the large ships on the river Ganges, factories belching smoke,
bridges and monuments and a dazzling array of shops selling a
wide range of commodities. The gods were so impressed by the
marvels of the teeming metropolis that they decided to build a
Museum and a High Court in Heaven!
The city of Calcutta in the nineteenth century was brimming with
opportunities – for trade and commerce, education and jobs. But
the gods were disturbed by another aspect of city life – its cheats
and thieves, its grinding poverty, and the poor quality of housing
for many. Brahma himself got tricked into buying a pair of cheap
glasses and when he tried to buy a pair of shoes, he was greatly
                                                                                  W o r k Work,
                                                                                          , LifeL and
                                                                                                  i fLeisure
                                                                                                      e and Leisure
confused by the shopkeepers who accused one another of being
swindlers. The gods were also perturbed at the confusion of caste,
religious and gender identities in the city. All social distinctions that
appeared to be natural and normal seemed to be breaking down.
Like Durgacharan Ray, many others in nineteenth-century India
were both amazed and confused by what they saw in the cities.
The city seemed to offer a series of contrasting images and
experiences – wealth and poverty, splendour and dirt, opportunities
and disappointments.
Were cities always like the one described above? Though urbanisation
has a long history, the modern city worldwide has developed only
over the last 200 years. Three historical processes have shaped
modern cities in decisive ways: the rise of industrial capitalism, the
establishment of colonial rule over large parts of the world, and the
development of democratic ideals. This chapter will trace some of
the processes of this urbanisation. It will explore how the modern
city emerges, and what happens within the city.
                                                                            127
                                                           2018-19


                                    1 Characteristics of the City
                                   To begin with, how do we distinguish between cities on the one
                                   hand and towns and villages on the other? Towns and cities
                                   that first appeared along river valleys, such as Ur, Nippur
                                   and Mohenjodaro, were larger in scale than other human
                                   settlements. Ancient cities could develop only when an increase
                                   in food supplies made it possible to support a wide range of
                                   non-food producers. Cites were often the centres of political power,
                                   administrative network, trade and industry, religious institutions,
                                   and intellectual activity, and supported various social groups such as     Activity
                                   artisans, merchants and priests.
                                                                                                              Can you think of appropriate examples from
                                   Cities themselves can vary greatly in size and complexity. They can        Indian history for each of these categories: a
                                   be densely settled modern-day metropolises, which combine                  religious centre, a market town, a regional
                                   political and economic functions for an entire region, and support         capital, a metropolis? Find out about the history
                                   very large populations. Or they can be smaller urban centres with          of any one of them.
                                   limited functions.
                                   This chapter will discuss the history of urbanisation in the modern
                                   world. We will look in some detail at two modern cities, as examples       New words
                                   of metropolitan development. The first is London, the largest city
                                                                                                              Metropolis – A large, densely populated city
                                   in the world, and an imperial centre in the nineteenth century, and
                                                                                                              of a country or state, often the capital of the
                                   the second is Bombay, one of the most important modern cities in
                                                                                                              region
                                   the Indian subcontinent.
                                                                                                              Urbanisation – Development of a city or town
                                   1.1 Industrialisation and the Rise of the Modern City
                                   in England
                                   Industrialisation changed the form of urbanisation in the modern
                                   period. However, even as late as the 1850s, many decades after the
India and the Contemporary World
                                   beginning of the industrial revolution, most Western countries were
                                   largely rural. The early industrial cities of Britain such as Leeds and
                                   Manchester attracted large numbers of migrants to the textile mills
                                   set up in the late eighteenth century. In 1851, more than three-quarters
                                   of the adults living in Manchester were migrants from rural areas.
                                   Now let us look at London. By 1750, one out of every nine people
                                   of England and Wales lived in London. It was a colossal city with a
                                   population of about 675,000. Over the nineteenth century, London
                                   continued to expand. Its population multiplied fourfold in the
                                   70 years between 1810 and 1880, increasing from 1 million to about
                                   4 million.
                                   128
                                                                                              2018-19


The city of London was a powerful magnet for migrant populations,
even though it did not have large factories. ‘Nineteenth century                                     River Thames
London,’ says the historian Gareth Stedman Jones, ‘was a city of
clerks and shopkeepers, of small masters and skilled artisans, of a
                                                                            1784
growing number of semi skilled and sweated outworkers, of
soldiers and servants, of casual labourers, street sellers, and beggars.’
Apart from the London dockyards, five major types of industries
employed large numbers: clothing and footwear, wood and furniture,
metals and engineering, printing and stationery, and precision products
such as surgical instruments, watches, and objects of precious metal.       1862
During the First World War (1914-18) London began manufacturing
motor cars and electrical goods, and the number of large factories
increased until they accounted for nearly one-third of all jobs in
the city.
1.2 Marginal Groups
As London grew, crime flourished. We are told that 20,000 criminals         1914
were living in London in the 1870s. We know a great deal about
criminal activities in this period, for crime became an object of
widespread concern. The police were worried about law and order,
philanthropists were anxious about public morality, and industrialists
wanted a hard-working and orderly labour force. So the population
of criminals was counted, their activities were watched, and their
ways of life were investigated.                                             1980                             Population
                                                                            Fig. 1 – The growth of
In the mid-nineteenth century, Henry Mayhew wrote several volumes           London, a map showing its
                                                                            population in four different
on the London labour, and compiled long lists of those who made             eras.
a living from crime. Many of whom he listed as ‘criminals’ were in
fact poor people who lived by stealing lead from roofs, food from
shops, lumps of coal, and clothes drying on hedges. There were
others who were more skilled at their trade, expert at their jobs.
                                                                                                                                Work, Life and Leisure
They were the cheats and tricksters, pickpockets and petty thieves
crowding the streets of London. In an attempt to discipline the
population, the authorities imposed high penalties for crime and
offered work to those who were considered the ‘deserving poor’.
Factories employed large numbers of women in the late eighteenth            New words
and early nineteenth centuries. With technological developments,
                                                                            Philanthropist – Someone who works for
women gradually lost their industrial jobs, and were forced to work
                                                                            social upliftment and charity, donating time
within households. The 1861 census recorded a quarter of a million
                                                                            and money for the purpose
domestic servants in London, of whom the vast majority were
                                                                                                                          129
                                                           2018-19


                                   women, many of them recent migrants. A large number of women
                                                                                                            Activity
                                   used their homes to increase family income by taking in lodgers or
                                   through such activities as tailoring, washing or matchbox making.        Imagine that you are a newspaper reporter
                                                                                                            writing a piece on the changes you see in
                                   However, there was a change once again in the twentieth century. As
                                                                                                            London in 1811. What problems are you likely
                                   women got employment in wartime industries and offices, they
                                                                                                            to write about? Who would have gained from
                                   withdrew from domestic service.
                                                                                                            the changes?
                                   Large number of children were pushed into low-paid work, often
                                   by their parents. Andrew Mearns, a clergyman who wrote The Bitter
                                   Cry of Outcast London in the 1880s, showed why crime was more
                                   profitable than labouring in small underpaid factories: ‘A child seven
                                   years old is easily known to make 10 shillings 6 pence a week from
                                   thieving … Before he can gain as much as the young thief [a boy]
                                   must make 56 gross of matchboxes a week, or 1,296 a day.’ It was
                                   only after the passage of the Compulsory Elementary Education
                                   Act in 1870, and the factory acts beginning from 1902, that children
                                   were kept out of industrial work.
                                   1.3 Housing
                                   Older cities like London changed dramatically when people began
                                   pouring in after the Industrial Revolution. Factory or workshop
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 2 – A Stranger’s Home, The Illustrated London News,1870.
                                    Night Refuges and Strangers’ Homes were opened in winter by charitable societies and local authorities
                                    in many towns. The poor flocked to these places in the hope of food, warmth and shelter.
                                   130
                                                                                             2018-19


owners did not house the migrant workers. Instead, individual
landowners put up cheap, and usually unsafe, tenements for the
new arrivals.
Although poverty was not unknown in the countryside, it was more
concentrated and starkly visible in the city. In 1887, Charles Booth,
a Liverpool shipowner, conducted the first social survey of low-
skilled London workers in the East End of London. He found
that as many as 1 million Londoners (about one-fifth of the
population of London at the time) were very poor and were expected
to live only up to an average age of 29 (compared to the average
life expectancy of 55 among the gentry and the middle class).
These people were more than likely to die in a ‘workhouse, hospital
or lunatic asylum’. London, he concluded ‘needed the rebuilding of
at least 400,000 rooms to house its poorest citizens’.
For a while the better-off city dwellers continued to demand that
slums simply be cleared away. But gradually a larger and larger
number of people began to recognise the need for housing
                                                                          Fig. 3 – Rat-trap seller, cartoon by Rowlandson,
for the poor. What were the reasons for this increasing concern?          1799.
First, the vast mass of one-room houses occupied by the poor were         Rowlandson recorded the types of trades in
                                                                          London that were beginning to disappear with
seen as a serious threat to public health: they were overcrowded,         the development of industrial capitalism.
badly ventilated, and lacked sanitation. Second, there were worries
about fire hazards created by poor housing. Third, there was a
                                                                          New words
widespread fear of social disorder, especially after the Russian
Revolution in 1917. Workers’ mass housing schemes were planned            Te n e m e n t – Ru n - d o w n a n d o f t e n
to prevent the London poor from turning rebellious.                       overcrowded apartment house, especially in
                                                                          a poor section of a large city
                                                                          Activity
                                                                          In many cities of India today, there are moves
                                                                                                                                 Work, Life and Leisure
                                                                          to clear away the slums where poor people
                                                                          live. Discuss whether or not it is the
                                                                          responsibility of the government to make
                                                                          arrangements for houses for these people.
                                                                        Fig. 4 – A London slum in 1889.
                                                                        What are the different uses of street space that
                                                                        are visible in this picture? What would have
                                                                        changed in the conditions of working class
                                                                        housing in the twentieth century?
                                                                                                                           131
                                                        2018-19


                                    Fig. 5 – For the poor, the street often was the only place for rest, leisure and fun. The
                                    Illustrated London News, 1856.
                                    Over the nineteenth century, the elites became increasingly worried about drunkenness
                                    and squalor on the streets. Gradually, a temperance movement developed to fight
                                    against the evils of drinking.
                                                                                                            Source A
                                   1.4 Cleaning London
                                   A variety of steps were taken to clean up London. Attempts were           ‘The children too must not be forgotten in the
                                                                                                             open spaces. The kinderbank, or low seat to
                                   made to decongest localities, green the open spaces, reduce pollution
                                                                                                             suit their short legs, should always be provided
                                   and landscape the city. Large blocks of apartments were built, akin       and where possible spaces of turf be supplied
                                   to those in Berlin and New York – cities which had similar housing        with swings or seesaws, with ponds for sailing
                                                                                                             boats, and with sand pits where these can be
                                   problems. Rent control was introduced in Britain during the First
                                                                                                             kept sufficiently clean.’
India and the Contemporary World
                                   World War to ease the impact of a severe housing shortage.                                               Source
                                   The congestion in the nineteenth-century industrial city also led to a
                                                                                                             New words
                                   yearning for clean country air. Many wealthy residents of London
                                   were able to afford a holiday home in the countryside. Demands            Temperance movement – A largely middle-
                                   were made for new ‘lungs’ for the city, and some attempts                 class-led social reform movement which
                                                                                                             emerged in Britain and America from the
                                                                                                             nineteenth century onwards. It identified
                                    Activity                                                                 alcoholism as the cause of the ruin of families
                                     Imagine you are investigating the conditions in which the London        and society, and aimed at reducing the
                                     poor lived. Write a note discussing all the dangers to public           consumption of alcoholic drinks particularly
                                     health which were created by these conditions.                          amongst the working classes.
                                   132
                                                                                             2018-19


were made to bridge the difference between city and countryside
through such ideas as the Green Belt around London.
Architect and planner Ebenezer Howard developed the principle
of the Garden City, a pleasant space full of plants and trees, where
people would both live and work. He believed this would also
produce better-quality citizens. Following Howard’s ideas Raymond
Unwin and Barry Parker designed the garden city of New Earswick.
There were common garden spaces, beautiful views, and
great attention to detail. In the end, only well-off workers could
afford these houses.
Between the two World Wars (1919-39) the responsibility for housing
the working classes was accepted by the British state, and a million
houses, most of them single-family cottages, were built by local
authorities. Meanwhile, the city had extended beyond the range where
people could walk to work, and the development of suburbs made
new forms of mass transport absolutely necessary.
1.5 Transport in the City                                                Fig. 6 – New Earswick, a garden
                                                                         suburb.
How could people be persuaded to leave the city and live in garden       Notice the enclosed green space to
suburbs unless there were some means of travelling to the city           produce a new community life.
for work? The London underground railway partially solved
the housing crisis by carrying large masses of people to and from
the city.
The very first section of the Underground in the world
opened on 10 January 1863 between Paddington and
Farrington Street in London. On that day 10,000
passengers were carried, with trains running every ten
minutes. By 1880 the expanded train service
was carrying 40 million passengers a year. At first
people were afraid to travel underground. This is what
                                                                                                                              Work, Life and Leisure
one newspaper reader warned:
    The compartment in which I sat was filled with
    passengers who were smoking pipes. The
    atmosphere was a mixture of sulphur, coal dust
    and foul fumes from the gas lamps above, so
    that by the time we reached Moorgate, I was
    near dead of asphyxiation and heat. I should
    think these underground railways must soon be         Fig. 7 – Railway lines being laid in London, Illustrated Times,
                                                          1868.
    discontinued for they are a menace to health.
                                                                                                                        133
                                                         2018-19


                                   Many felt that the ‘iron monsters’ added to the mess and unhealthiness
                                                                                                             New words
                                   of the city. Charles Dickens wrote in Dombey and Son (1848) about
                                   the massive destruction in the process of construction:                   Asphyxiation – Suffocation due to lack of
                                                                                                             oxygen supply
                                         Houses were knocked down; streets broken through and stopped;
                                         deep pits and trenches dug in the ground; enormous heaps of
                                         earth and clay thrown up; … there were a hundred thousand
                                         shapes and substances of incompleteness, wildly mingled out their
                                         places, upside down, burrowing in the earth . . .
                                   To make approximately two miles of railway, 900 houses had
                                   to be destroyed. Thus the London tube railway led to a
                                   massive displacement of the London poor, especially between the
                                   two World Wars.
                                   Yet the Underground eventually became a huge success. By the
                                   twentieth century, most large metropolises such as New York, Tokyo
                                   and Chicago could not do without their well-functioning transit
                                   systems. As a result, the population in the city became more dispersed.
                                   Better-planned suburbs and a good railway network enabled large
                                   numbers to live outside central London and travel to work.
                                   These new conveniences wore down social distinctions and also
                                   created new ones. How did these changes affect domestic and public
                                                                                                             Fig. 8 – London Underground advertisement for
                                   life? Did they have the same significance for all social groups?          Golders Green, around 1900.
                                                                                                             You can see the Underground advertisement
                                                                                                             persuading people to move to green, uncrowded
                                                                                                             and picturesque suburbs.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 9 – Cows on the streets of London, The Graphic, 1877.
                                    Clearing streets was part of the project of building a modern city.
                                    In the nineteenth century, cows regularly blocked traffic on
                                    London roads.
                                   134
                                                                                              2018-19


2 Social Change in the City
In the eighteenth century, the family had been a unit of production
and consumption as well as of political decision-making. The function
and the shape of the family were completely transformed by life in
the industrial city.
Ties between members of households loosened, and among the
working class the institution of marriage tended to break down.
Women of the upper and middle classes in Britain, on the other
hand, faced increasingly higher levels of isolation, although their lives
were made easier by domestic maids who cooked, cleaned and cared
for young children on low wages.
Women who worked for wages had some control over their lives,
particularly among the lower social classes. However, many social
reformers felt that the family as an institution had broken down,
and needed to be saved or reconstructed by pushing these women
back into the home.
2.1 Men, Women and Family in the City
The city no doubt encouraged a new spirit of individualism among
both men and women, and a freedom from the collective values
that were a feature of the smaller rural communities. But men and
women did not have equal access to this new urban space. As women
lost their industrial jobs and conservative people railed against their
presence in public spaces, women were forced to withdraw into
their homes. The public space became increasingly a male preserve,
and the domestic sphere was seen as the proper place for women.
Most political movements of the nineteenth century, such as Chartism
(a movement demanding the vote for all adult males) and the
                                                                                  Work, Life and Leisure
10-hour movement (limiting hours of work in factories), mobilised
large numbers of men. Only gradually did women come to
participate in political movements for suffrage that demanded the
 New words
 Individualism – A theory which promotes the liberty, rights or
 independent action of the individual, rather than of the
 community
                                                                            135
                                                           2018-19


                                   right to vote for women, or for married women’s rights to property
                                   (from the 1870s).
                                   By the twentieth century, the urban family had been transformed yet
                                   again, partly by the experience of the valuable wartime work done
                                   by women, who were employed in large numbers to meet war
                                   demands. The family now consisted of much smaller units.
                                   Above all, the family became the heart of a new market – of goods
                                   and services, and of ideas. If the new industrial city provided
                                   opportunities for mass work, it also raised the problem of mass
                                   leisure on Sundays and other common holidays. How did people
                                   organise their new-found leisure time?
                                   2.2 Leisure and Consumption
                                   For wealthy Britishers, there had long been an annual
                                   ‘London Season’. Several cultural events, such as the
                                   opera, the theatre and classical music performances
                                   were organised for an elite group of 300-400 families
                                   in the late eighteenth century. Meanwhile, working
                                   classes met in pubs to have a drink, exchange news
                                   and sometimes also to organise for political action.
                                   Many new types of large-scale entertainment for the
                                   common people came into being, some made possible
                                   with money from the state. Libraries, art galleries and
                                   museums were established in the nineteenth century
                                   to provide people with a sense of history and pride in
                                   the achievements of the British. At first, visitors to the
                                   British Museum in London numbered just about
                                   15,000 every year, but when entry was made free
India and the Contemporary World
                                   in 1810, visitors swamped the museum: their number
                                   jumped to 127,643 in 1824-25, shooting up to 825,901
                                   by 1846. Music halls were popular among
                                   the lower classes, and, by the early twentieth century,
                                   cinema became the great mass entertainment for
                                   mixed audiences.
                                   British industrial workers were increasingly encouraged
                                   to spend their holidays by the sea, so as to derive the       Fig. 10 – A famous London resort, painting by T.E. Turner,
                                   benefits of the sun and bracing winds. Over 1 million         1923.
                                                                                                 Pleasure gardens came in the nineteenth century to provide
                                   British people went to the seaside at Blackpool in 1883;      facilities for sports, entertainment and refreshments for the
                                   by 1939 their numbers had gone up to 7 million.               well-to-do.
                                   136
                                                                                                2018-19


Fig. 11 – Sailor’s Home in East London, The Illustrated London News, 1873.
The working poor created spaces of entertainment wherever they lived.
                                                                             Fig. 12 – A tavern with coaches
                                                                             parked in front, early nineteenth
                                                                             century.
                                                                             The image makes clear the
                                                                             connection taverns had with
                                                                             horse-drawn coaches in the early
                                                                             nineteenth century. Before the
                                                                                                                    Work, Life and Leisure
                                                                             railway age, taverns were places
                                                                             where horse-drawn coaches
                                                                             halted, and tired travellers had
                                                                             food and drink and rested the
                                                                             night. Taverns were located on
                                                                             coach routes and had facilities for
                                                                             overnight stays. After the coming
                                                                             of the railway and bus transport,
                                                                             taverns went into decline along
                                                                             with horse-drawn coach
                                                                             transport. Pubs came up near
                                                                             railway stations and bus depots.
                                                                             Here people could stop for a
                                                                             quick drink and chat.
                                                                                                              137
                                                   2018-19


                                    3 Politics in the City
                                   In the severe winter of 1886, when outdoor work came to a
                                   standstill, the London poor exploded in a riot, demanding relief
                                   from the terrible conditions of poverty. Alarmed shopkeepers closed
                                   down their establishments, fearing the 10,000-strong crowd that
                                   was marching from Deptford to London. The marchers had to be
                                   dispersed by the police. A similar riot occurred in late 1887; this
                                   time, it was brutally suppressed by the police in what came to be
                                   known as the Bloody Sunday of November 1887.
                                   Two years later, thousands of London’s dockworkers went on strike
                                   and marched through the city. According to one writer, ‘thousands
                                   of the strikers had marched through the city without a pocket being
                                   picked or a window being broken …’ The 12-day strike was called
                                   to gain recognition for the dockworkers’ union.
                                   From these examples you can see that large masses of people could
                                   be drawn into political causes in the city. A large city population was
                                   thus both a threat and an opportunity. State authorities went to
                                   great lengths to reduce the possibility of rebellion and enhance urban
                                   aesthetics, as the example of Paris shows.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 13 – A scene during the dockworkers’ strike, 1889.
                                   138
                                                                                             2018-19


Box 1
 Haussmanisation of Paris
 In 1852, Louis Napoleon III (a nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte) crowned himself emperor. After taking over, he undertook
 the rebuilding of Paris with vigour. The chief architect of the new Paris was Baron Haussmann, the Prefect of the Seine.
 His name has come to stand for the forcible reconstruction of cities to enhance their beauty and impose order. The poor
 were evicted from the centre of Paris to reduce the possibility of political rebellion and to beautify the city.
 For 17 years after 1852, Haussmann rebuilt Paris. Straight, broad avenues or boulevards and open spaces were designed,
 and full-grown trees transplanted. By 1870, one-fifth of the streets of Paris were Haussmann’s creation. In addition,
 policemen were employed, night patrols were begun, and bus shelters and tap water introduced.
 Public works on this scale employed a large number of people: one in five working persons in Paris was in the building trade
 in the 1860s. Yet this reconstruction displaced up to 350,000 people from the centre of Paris.
 Even some of the wealthier inhabitants of Paris thought that the city had been monstrously transformed. The Goncourt
 brothers, writing in the 1860s, for instance, lamented the passing of an earlier way of life, and the development of an
 upper-class culture. Others believed that Haussmann had ‘killed the street’ and its life, to produce an empty, boring city,
 full of similar-looking boulevards and facades. In a play called Maison Neuve written in 1866, an old shopkeeper said,
 ‘Nowadays for the slightest excursion there are miles to go! An eternal sidewalk going on and on forever! A tree, a bench,
 a kiosk! A tree, a bench, a kiosk! A tree, a bench …’
 The outcry against Haussmann’s Paris soon got converted into civic pride as the new capital became the toast of all
 Europe. Paris became the hub of many new architectural, social and intellectual developments that were very influential
 right through the twentieth century, even in other parts of the globe.
         Ri
           ve
             rS
               ein
                  e
                                                                                                                                Work, Life and Leisure
        New streets
        Other major streets
                                                                           Fig. 15 – A cartoon representing Haussmann
                                                                           as the ‘Attila of the Straight Line’, holding a
 Fig. 14 – Plan of principal streets in Paris built by Baron               compass and a set square, and dominating the
 Haussmann between 1850 and 1870.                                          plan of Paris.
                                                                                                                          139
                                                         2018-19


                                   4 The City in Colonial India
                                   In sharp contrast to Western Europe in the same period, Indian         Source B
                                   cities did not mushroom in the nineteenth century. The pace of
                                   urbanisation in India was slow under colonial rule. In the early        Contradictory experiences of cities
                                   twentieth century, no more than 11 per cent of Indians were living      Kali Prasanna Singh wrote a satire in Bengali
                                   in cities. A large proportion of these urban dwellers were residents    describing an evening scene in the Indian part
                                                                                                           of Calcutta around 1862:
                                   of the three Presidency cities. These were multi-functional cities:
                                                                                                           ‘Gradually the darkness thickens. At this time,
                                   they had major ports, warehouses, homes and offices, army camps,        thanks to English shoes, striped Santipur scarfs
                                   as well as educational institutions, museums and libraries. Bombay      [sic] and Simla dhuties, you can’t tell high from
                                   was the premier city of India. It expanded rapidly from the late        low. Groups of fast young men, with peals of
                                                                                                           laughter and plenty of English talk are knocking
                                   nineteenth century, its population going up from 644,405 in 1872        at this door and that. They left home when
                                   to nearly 1,500,000 in 1941.                                            they saw the lamps lighted in the evening and
                                                                                                           will return when the flour mills begin to work ...
                                   Let us look at how Bombay developed.                                    Some cover their faces with scarfs [sic] and think
                                                                                                           that no one recognises them. It is the evening
                                    New words                                                              of … a Saturday and the city is unusually crowded.’
                                                                                                           Hutam Pyancher Naksha, a collection of short
                                    Presidency cities – The capitals of the Bombay, Bengal and             sketches on urban life in Calcutta, 1862.
                                    Madras Presidencies in British India                                   Translated by Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay.
                                    Discuss                                                                In 1899, G.G. Agarkar wrote about Bombay:
                                                                                                           ‘The enormous expanse of Bombay city; its great
                                    Read Source B carefully. What are the common features of city life
                                                                                                           and palatial private and governmental mansions;
                                    that the authors note? What are the contradictory experiences they     broad streets which accommodate up to six
                                    point to?                                                              carriages abreast … the struggle to enter the
                                                                                                           merchants lanes; the frequent troublesome noise
                                                                                                           of passenger and goods trains whistles and
                                                                                                           wheels; the wearisome bargaining in every
                                                                                                           market, by customers who wander from place
                                                                                                           to place making enquiries with silver and notes
                                                                                                           in their pockets to buy a variety of commodities;
                                                                                                           the throngs of thousands of boats visible in the
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                           harbour … the more or less rushed pace of official
                                                                                                           and private employees going to work, checking
                                                                                                           their watches … The clouds of black smoke
                                                                                                           emitted by factory chimneys and the noise of
                                                                                                           large machines in the innards of buildings … Men
                                                                                                           and women with and without families belonging
                                                                                                           to every caste and rank travelling in carriages or
                                                                                                           horseback or on foot, to take the air and enjoy
                                                                                                           a drive along the sea shore in the slanting rays of
                                                                                                           the sun as it descends on the horizon … ’
                                                                                                           G.G. Agarkar, ‘The Obverse Side of British Rule
                                                                                                           or our Dire Poverty’.
                                    Fig. 16 – A bustling street in Null Bazaar, Bombay, photograph                                         Source
                                    by Raja Deen Dayal, late nineteenth century.
                                   140
                                                                                            2018-19


4.1 Bombay: The Prime City of India?
In the seventeenth century, Bombay was a group of seven islands
under Portuguese control. In 1661, control of the islands passed
into British hands after the marriage of Britain’s King Charles II to
the Portuguese princess. The East India Company quickly shifted its
base from Surat, its principal western port, to Bombay.
 Fig. 17 – A view of Bombay, 1852.
 You can see the Colaba lighthouse on the right and St Thomas’s Church in the
 distant background. It was still possible in the mid-nineteenth century for artists to
 search for picturesque spots. The major development projects had not yet started.
At first, Bombay was the major outlet for cotton textiles from
Gujarat. Later, in the nineteenth century, the city functioned as a port
through which large quantities of raw materials such as cotton and
opium would pass. Gradually, it also became an important
administrative centre in western India, and then, by the end of the
nineteenth century, a major industrial centre.
                                                                                                                               Work, Life and Leisure
4.2 Work in the City
Bombay became the capital of the Bombay Presidency in 1819,
after the Maratha defeat in the Anglo-Maratha war. The city quickly
expanded. With the growth of trade in cotton and opium, large
communities of traders and bankers as well as artisans and
                                                                                                                Old islands
shopkeepers came to settle in Bombay. The establishment of textile
mills led to a fresh surge in migration.                                                                         Land
                                                                                                                 reclamation
The first cotton textile mill in Bombay was established in 1854. By        Fig. 18 – A map of Bombay in the 1930s
                                                                           showing the seven islands and the reclamations.
1921, there were 85 cotton mills with about 146,000 workers. Only
                                                                                                                        141
                                                           2018-19


                                   about one-fourth of Bombay’s inhabitants between 1881 and 1931
                                   were born in Bombay: the rest came from outside. Large numbers
                                                                                                               Activity
                                   flowed in from the nearby district of Ratnagiri to work in the              Have a debate in class with speakers for and
                                   Bombay mills.                                                               against the motion, on the following topic:
                                                                                                               ‘City development cannot take place without
                                   Women formed as much as 23 per cent of the mill workforce in                destroying communities and lifestyles. This is a
                                   the period between 1919 and 1926. After that, their numbers dropped         necessary part of development.’
                                   steadily to less than 10 per cent of the total workforce. By the late
                                   1930s, women’s jobs were increasingly taken over by machines or
                                   by men.
                                   Bombay dominated the maritime trade of India till well into the
                                   twentieth century. It was also at the junction head of two major
                                   railways. The railways encouraged an even higher scale of migration
                                   into the city. For instance, famine in the dry regions of Kutch drove
                                   large numbers of people into Bombay in 1888-89. The flood of
                                   migrants in some years created panic and alarm in official circles.
                                   Worried by the influx of population during the plague epidemic of
                                   1898, district authorities sent about 30,000 people back to their places
                                   of origin by 1901.
                                   4.3 Housing and Neighbourhoods
                                   Bombay was a crowded city. While every Londoner in the 1840s
                                   enjoyed an average space of 155 square yards, Bombay had a mere
                                   9.5 square yards. By 1872, when London had an average of 8 persons
                                   per house, the density in Bombay was as high as 20. From its earliest
                                   days, Bombay did not grow according to any plan, and houses,
                                   especially in the Fort area, were interspersed with gardens.
                                   The Bombay Fort area which formed the heart of the city in
                                   the early 1800s was divided between a ‘native’ town, where
India and the Contemporary World
                                   most of the Indians lived, and a European or ‘white’ section.
                                   A European suburb and an industrial zone began to develop
                                   to the north of the Fort settlement area, with a similar suburb
                                   and cantonment in the south. This racial pattern was true of
                                   all three Presidency cities.
                                   With the rapid and unplanned expansion of the city, the
                                   crisis of housing and water supply became acute by the
                                   mid-1850s. The arrival of the textile mills only increased the
                                   pressure on Bombay’s housing.
                                   Like the European elite, the richer Parsi, Muslim and upper-       Fig. 19 – Interior of Esplanade House built for J.N. Tata
                                   caste traders and industrialists of Bombay lived in sprawling,     in 1887.
                                   142
                                                                                              2018-19


                                                                           Activity
                                                                           Look at Fig. 20 What kinds of people do you
                                                                           think used this mode of transport? Compare it
                                                                           with the pictures of the horse-drawn tram
                                                                           (Fig. 22) and the electric tram. Notice the
                                                                           inversion of the numbers involved: the horse-
                                                                           drawn tram or electric tram needed only one
                                                                           operator while a single traveller required
                                                                           several people.
 Fig. 20 – Scene by Robert Grindlay of Bombay, 1826.
 A number of palanquins are being carried across the square.              Source C
spacious bungalows. In contrast, more than 70 per cent of the              Why spaces cannot be cleared
working people lived in the thickly populated chawls of Bombay. Since      Bombay’s first Municipal Commissioner, Arthur
workers walked to their place of work, 90 per cent of millworkers          Crawford, was appointed in 1865. He tried to
                                                                           keep several ‘dangerous trades’ out of south
were housed in Girangaon, a ‘mill village’ not more than 15 minutes’       B ombay. He described how builders and
walk from the mills.                                                       entrepreneurs bribed inspectors to continue with
                                                                           their haphazard use of space, even when their
Chawls were multi-storeyed structures which had been built from at         activities increased pollution:
least the 1860s in the ‘native’ parts of the town. Like the tenements      ‘… Kessowjee Naik brought his dyers back to
in London, these houses were largely owned by private landlords,           their old quarters. I prosecuted them, but was
                                                                           defeated. Kessowjee Naik spent money like
such as merchants, bankers, and building contractors, looking for
                                                                           water, eminent physicians swore solemnly that
quick ways of earning money from anxious migrants. Each                    dye pits were beneficial to health! … This
chawl was divided into smaller one-room tenements which had no             infamous success emboldened a powerful
private toilets.                                                           German firm to open a large steam Dyeing
                                                                           Factory close to Parbadevi Temple whose refuse
Many families could reside at a time in a tenement. The Census of          waters polluted the fair sands of Mahim Bay …
                                                                           Last but not least Bhoys and Dasses, Shenvis
1901 reported that ‘the mass of the island’s population or 80 per
                                                                           Brahmins and all the Jees, set up cotton and
cent of the total, resides in tenements of one room; the average           spinning mills anywhere their sweet will prompted
                                                                                                                                  Work, Life and Leisure
number of occupants lies between 4 and 5 …’ High rents forced              them: for example close to the Byculla Club itself,
                                                                           around the Race Course and Kamathippora
workers to share homes, either with relatives or caste fellows who
                                                                           Foras Road, in Khetwady, on Girgaum Raod and
were streaming into the city. People had to keep the windows of            at Chowpatty.’
their rooms closed even in humid weather due to the ‘close proximity       While reading such statements we must
of filthy gutters, privies, buffalo stables etc.’ Yet, though water was    remember that colonial officials liked to represent
scarce, and people often quarrelled every morning for a turn at the        Englishmen as honest and Indians as corrupt,
                                                                           the Englishmen as concerned with pollution of
tap, observers found that houses were kept quite clean.                    the environment and Indians as being uncaring
                                                                           about such issues.
The homes being small, streets and neighbourhoods were used for
a variety of activities such as cooking, washing and sleeping. Liquor
                                                                                                             Source
                                                                                                                            143
                                                          2018-19


                                   shops and akharas came up in any empty spot. Streets were also
                                   used for different types of leisure activities. Parvathibai Bhor recalled
                                   her childhood years in the early twentieth century this way: ‘There
                                   was an open space in the middle of our four chawls. There the
                                   magicians, monkey players or acrobats used to regularly perform
                                   their acts. The Nandi bull used to come. I used to be especially
                                   afraid of the Kadaklakshmi. To see that they had to beat themselves
                                   on their naked bodies in order to fill their stomachs frightened me.’
                                   Finally, chawls were also the place for the exchange of news about
                                   jobs, strikes, riots or demonstrations.
                                   Caste and family groups in the mill neighbourhoods were headed
                                   by someone who was similar to a village headman. Sometimes,
                                   the jobber in the mills could be the local neighbourhood
                                   leader. He settled disputes, organised food supplies, or arranged
                                   informal credit. He also brought important information on
                                   political developments.
                                   People who belonged to the ‘depressed classes’ found it even                Fig. 21 – Chawl on Kalbadevi Road built in the
                                                                                                               early twentieth century.
                                   more difficult to find housing. Lower castes were kept out of many          What do you notice about the organisation of
                                   chawls and often had to live in shelters made of corrugated sheets,         space in this building?
                                   leaves, or bamboo poles.
                                   If town planning in London emerged from fears of social                     Activity
                                   revolution, planning in Bombay came about as a result of fears
                                                                                                               Imagine that you are a young person living in a
                                   about the plague epidemic. The City of Bombay Improvement
                                                                                                               chawl. Describe one day in your life.
                                   Trust was established in 1898; it focused on clearing poorer homes
                                   out of the city centre. By 1918, Trust schemes had deprived 64,000
                                   people of their homes, but only 14,000 were rehoused. In 1918, a
                                   Rent Act was passed to keep rents reasonable, but it had the opposite
                                   effect of producing a severe housing crisis, since landlords withdrew
India and the Contemporary World
                                   houses from the market.                                                     New words
                                   Expansion of the city has always posed a problem in Bombay                  Akharas – Traditional wrestling schools,
                                   because of a scarcity of land. One of the ways the city of Bombay           generally located in every neighbourhood,
                                   has developed is through massive reclamation projects.                      where young people were trained to ensure
                                                                                                               both physical and moral fitness
                                   4.4 Land Reclamation in Bombay                                              Depressed classes – A term often used to
                                                                                                               denote those who were seen within the caste
                                   Did you know that the seven islands of Bombay were joined into              order as ‘lower castes’ and ‘untouchables’
                                   one landmass only over a period of time? The earliest project began         Reclamation – The reclaiming of marshy or
                                   in 1784. The Bombay governor William Hornby approved the                    submerged areas or other wasteland for
                                   building of the great sea wall which prevented the flooding of the          settlements, cultivation or other use
                                   low-lying areas of Bombay.
                                   144
                                                                                               2018-19


Since then, there have been several reclamation
projects. The need for additional commercial space
in the mid-nineteenth century led to the formulation
of several plans, both by government and private
companies, for the reclamation of more land from
the sea. Private companies became more interested
in taking financial risks. In 1864, the Back Bay
Reclamation Company won the right to reclaim
the western foreshore from the tip of Malabar
Hill to the end of Colaba. Reclamation often meant
the levelling of the hills around Bombay. By the
1870s, although most of the private companies
closed down due to the mounting cost, the city        Fig. 22 – Colaba Causeway, late nineteenth century.
                                                      Notice that the trams are being drawn by horses.You can see
had expanded to about 22 square miles. As the         stables for horses on the left and the Tram Company’s offices in
population continued to increase rapidly in the early the background.
twentieth century, every bit of the available area
was built over and new areas were reclaimed from the sea.
A successful reclamation project was undertaken by the Bombay
Port Trust, which built a dry dock between 1914 and 1918 and used
the excavated earth to create the 22-acre Ballard Estate. Subsequently,
the famous Marine Drive of Bombay was developed.
4.5 Bombay as the City of Dreams: The World of Cinema
and Culture
                                                                                Fig. 23 – Marine Drive.
Who does not associate Bombay with its film industry? Despite its               A familiar landmark of Bombay, it was built on
                                                                                land reclaimed from the sea in the twentieth
massive overcrowding and difficult living conditions, Bombay                    century.
appears to many as a ‘mayapuri’ – a city of dreams.
Many Bombay films deal with the arrival in the city of new migrants,
and their encounters with the real pressures of daily life. Some popular
songs from the Bombay film industry speak of the contradictory
aspects of the city. In the film CID (1956) the hero’s buddy sings, ‘Ai
                                                                                                                                  Work, Life and Leisure
dil hai mushkil jeena yahan; zara hatke zara bachke, ye hai Bambai meri jaan’
(My heart, it is difficult to live here! move over a little, take care of
yourself! this is Bombay! my love). A slightly more disillusioned voice
sings in Guest House (1959): ‘Jiska juta usika sar, dil hai chhote bada
shahar, are vah re vah teri Bambai’ (Bombay, you city what a place! Here
one gets beaten with one’s own shoes! The city is big but people’s
hearts are small!).
When did the Bombay film industry make its first appearance?
Harishchandra Sakharam Bhatwadekar shot a scene of a wrestling
                                                                                                                            145
                                                               2018-19


                                   match in Bombay’s Hanging Gardens and it became India’s first
                                   movie in 1896. Soon after, Dadasaheb Phalke made Raja Harishchandra
                                   (1913). After that, there was no turning back. By 1925, Bombay
                                   had become India’s film capital, producing films for a national
                                   audience. The amount of money invested in about 50 Indian
                                   films in 1947 was Rs 756 million. By 1987, the film industry employed
                                   520,000 people.
                                   Most of the people in the film industry were themselves migrants
                                   who came from cities like Lahore, Calcutta, Madras and contributed
                                   to the national character of the industry. Those who came from
                                   Lahore, then in Punjab, were especially important for the
                                   development of the Hindi film industry. Many famous writers, like
                                   Ismat Chughtai and Saadat Hasan Manto, were associated with
                                   Hindi cinema.                                                              Discuss
                                                                                                              Read Source D. What does the poem
                                   Bombay films have contributed in a big way to produce
                                                                                                              communicate about the opportunities and
                                   an image of the city as a blend of dream and reality, of slums and
                                                                                                              experience for each new generation?
                                   star bungalows.
                                   Source D
                                                             The Many Sides of Bombay
                                                           My father came down the Sahyadris
                                                                                                                                          Source
                                                                 A quilt over his shoulder
                                                                He stood at your doorstep
                                                               With nothing but his labour
                                                                             …
                                                                   I carried a tiffin box
                                                                To the mill since childhood
                                                                    I was cast the way
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                A smith forges a hammer
                                                                    I learned my ropes
                                                                    Working on a loom
                                                                    Learnt on occasion
                                                                      To go on strike
                                                             My father withered away toiling                         The verses of this poem are a stark
                                                              So will I, and will my little ones                     contrast to the glittering world of
                                                          Perhaps they too face such sad nights                      films, pointing to the endless toil
                                                              Wrapped in coils of darkness                           which new migrants encounter in
                                                                                                                     the city.
                                               Excerpted from the poem Maze Vidyapeeth (1975) by Narayan Surve.
                                   146
                                                                                                   2018-19


Box 2
 Not all cities in Asian countries developed in an unplanned manner.
 There were many cities that were carefully planned and organised.
 Consider the case of modern Singapore.
 Lee Kuan Yew’s Singapore
 Today, most of us know Singapore as a successful, rich, and well-
 planned city, a model for city planning worldwide. Yet the city’s rise
 to this status is quite recent. Until 1965, Singapore, though an
 important port, shared all the problems of other Asian cities. Planning
 was known in Singapore since 1822, but benefited only the small
 community of white people who ruled Singapore. For the majority
 of its inhabitants, there was overcrowding, lack of sanitation, poor        Fig. 24 – Singapore Marina, which is built on
                                                                             land reclaimed from the sea.
 housing, and poverty.
 All this changed after the city became an independent nation in
 1965 under the leadership of Lee Kuan Yew, President of the
 People’s Action Party. A massive housing and development
 programme was undertaken and it completely altered the face of
 the island nation. Through a programme of total planning which
 left nothing to chance, every inch of the island’s territory was
 controlled in its use. The government itself won popular support
 by providing nearly 85 per cent of the population with ownership
 housing of good quality. The tall housing blocks, which were well
 ventilated and serviced, were examples of good physical planning.
 But the buildings also redesigned social life: crime was reduced
 through external corridors, the aged were housed alongside their
 families, ’void decks’ or empty floors were provided in all buildings
 for community activities.
 Migration into the city was strictly controlled. Social relations between
 the three major groups of people (the Chinese, the Malays and the
 Indians) were also monitored to prevent racial conflict. Newspapers
 and journals and all forms of communication and association were
 also strictly controlled.                                                   Activity
 In 1986, in the National Day Rally speech, Lee Kuan Yew’s recalled          Compare the examples of the work done by
 his early experiments with planning: ‘… we would not have made
                                                                             Baron Haussmann in Paris and Lee Kuan Yew,
 economic progress, if we had not intervened on very personal
 matters: who your neighbour is, how you live, the noise you make,           almost a hundred years later, in Singapore.
 how you spit or what language you use. We decide what is right.             Discuss if physical comfort and beauty in the
 Never mind what the people think – that is another problem.’                city can be introduced only by controlling social
 Reported in The Straits Times.                                              and private life. In your opinion, is this a good
                                                                                                                                       Work, Life and Leisure
 Although the citizens of Singapore enjoy a very high degree of              enough reason for the government to make
 material comfort and wealth, there are many who point out that
                                                                             rules about the way in which people should live
 the city lacks a lively and challenging political culture.
                                                                             their personal lives?
                                                                                                                                 147
                                                              2018-19


                                   5 Cities and the Challenge of the Environment
                                   City development everywhere occurred at the expense of ecology
                                   and the environment. Natural features were flattened out or
                                   transformed in response to the growing demand for space for
                                   factories, housing and other institutions. Large quantities of refuse
                                   and waste products polluted air and water, while excessive noise
                                   became a feature of urban life.
                                   The widespread use of coal in homes and industries in nineteenth-
                                   century England raised serious problems. In industrial cities such as
                                   Leeds, Bradford and Manchester, hundreds of factory chimneys
                                   spewed black smoke into the skies. People joked that most inhabitants
                                   of these cities grew up believing that the skies were grey and all
                                   vegetation was black! Shopkeepers, homeowners and others
                                   complained about the black fog that descended on their towns,
                                   causing bad tempers, smoke-related illnesses, and dirty clothes.
                                   When people first joined campaigns for cleaner air, the goal was to
                                   control the nuisance through legislation. This was not at all easy,
                                   since factory owners and steam engine owners did not want to spend
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 25 – The London smog, The Illustrated London News, 1847.
                                    Smoke from burning of coal, in industries and in homes, covered
                                    London, making it difficult to breathe the air or see the road.
                                   148
                                                                                           2018-19


on technologies that would improve their machines. By the 1840s, a
few towns such as Derby, Leeds and Manchester had laws to control
smoke in the city. But smoke was not easy to monitor or measure,
and owners got away with small adjustments to their machinery that
did nothing to stop the smoke. Moreover, the Smoke Abatement
Acts of 1847 and 1853, as they were called, did not always work to
clear the air.
Calcutta too had a long history of air pollution. Its inhabitants inhaled
grey smoke, particularly in the winter. Since the city was built on
marshy land, the resulting fog combined with smoke to generate
thick black smog. High levels of pollution were a consequence of
the huge population that depended on dung and wood as fuel in
their daily life. But the main polluters were the industries and
establishments that used steam engines run on coal.
Colonial authorities were at first intent on clearing the place of
miasmas, or harmful vapours, but the railway line introduced in
1855 brought a dangerous new pollutant into the picture – coal
from Raniganj. The high content of ash in Indian coal was a problem.
Many pleas were made to banish the dirty mills from the city, with
no effect. However, in 1863, Calcutta became the first Indian city to
get smoke nuisance legislation.
In 1920, the rice mills of Tollygunge began to burn rice husk
instead of coal, leading residents to complain that ‘the air is filled
                                                                            Activity
up with black soot which falls like drizzling rain from morning till
night, and it has become impossible to live’. The inspectors of the         Write out a notice from the Bengal Smoke
Bengal Smoke Nuisance Commission finally managed to control                 Nuisance Commission to the owner of a factory
                                                                            pointing out the dangers and harmful effects of
industrial smoke. Controlling domestic smoke, however, was far
                                                                            industrial smoke.
more difficult.
Conclusion
                                                                                                                               Work, Life and Leisure
Despite its problems, the city has always been attractive to those
seeking freedom and opportunity. Even the gods in Durgacharan’s
novel, referred to at the beginning of this chapter, found heaven
imperfect, compared with all that they had witnessed and experienced
on their visit to Calcutta. Yet all the aspects of city life that upset
them were signs of the new routes to social and economic mobility
that the city offered to the millions who had made it their home.
                                                                                                                         149
                                                           2018-19


                                     Write in brief
                                          1. Give two reasons why the population of London expanded from the middle of the
                                             eighteenth century.
                                          2. What were the changes in the kind of work available to women in London between the
                                             nineteenth and the twentieth century? Explain the factors which led to this change.
                                          3. How does the existence of a large urban population affect each of the following?
                                                                                                                                      Write in brief
                                             Illustrate with historical examples.
                                             a) A private landlord
                                             b) A Police Superintendent in charge of law and order
                                             c) A leader of a political party
                                          4. Give explanations for the following:
                                             a) Why well-off Londoners supported the need to build housing for the poor in the
                                                nineteenth century.
                                             b) Why a number of Bombay films were about the lives of migrants.
                                             c) What led to the major expansion of Bombay’s population in the
                                                mid-nineteenth century.
                                     Discuss
                                         1. What forms of entertainment came up in nineteenth century England to provide leisure
                                            activities for the people.
                                         2. Explain the social changes in London which led to the need for the Underground railway.
                                            Why was the development of the Underground criticised?
                                         3. Explain what is meant by the Haussmanisation of Paris. To what extent would you support or
                                            oppose this form of development? Write a letter to the editor of a newspaper, to either support
                                            or oppose this, giving reasons for your view.
India and the Contemporary World
                                         4. To what extent does government regulation and new laws solve problems of pollution?
                                            Discuss one example each of the success and failure of legislation to change the quality of
                                            a)   public life
                                            b)   private life                                                       Discuss
                                     Project
                                         Make sure you watch any one of the Mumbai films discussed in this chapter. Compare and
                                         contrast the portrayal of the city in one film discussed in this chapter, with a film set in Mumbai,
                                         which you have recently seen.                                                   Project
                                   150
                                                                                       2018-19


SECTION III
EVERYDAY LIFE, CULTURE AND POLITICS
                  2018-19


2018-19

                                                                                                                                                  Chapter VII
Print Culture and the Modern World
It is difficult for us to imagine a world without printed matter. We
find evidence of print everywhere around us – in books, journals,
newspapers, prints of famous paintings, and also in everyday things
like theatre programmes, official circulars, calendars, diaries,
advertisements, cinema posters at street corners. We read printed
literature, see printed images, follow the news through newspapers,
and track public debates that appear in print. We take for granted
this world of print and often forget that there was a time before
                                                                                                                                P r i n t Print
                                                                                                                                          C u Culture
                                                                                                                                                lture and the Modern World
print. We may not realise that print itself has a history which has, in
fact, shaped our contemporary world. What is this history? When
did printed literature begin to circulate? How has it helped create
the modern world?
In this chapter we will look at the development of print, from its
beginnings in East Asia to its expansion in Europe and in India. We
will understand the impact of the spread of technology and consider
how social lives and cultures changed with the coming of print.
                                                                  Fig. 1 – Book making before the age of print, from
                                                                  Akhlaq-i-Nasiri, 1595.
                                                                  This is a royal workshop in the sixteenth century,
                                                                  much before printing began in India. You can see
                                                                  the text being dictated, written and illustrated. The
                                                                  art of writing and illustrating by hand was
                                                                  important in the age before print. Think about
                                                                  what happened to these forms of art with the
                                                                  coming of printing machines.
                                                                                                                          153
                                                          2018-19


                                    1 The First Printed Books
                                   The earliest kind of print technology was developed in China, Japan
                                   and Korea. This was a system of hand printing. From AD 594
                                   onwards, books in China were printed by rubbing paper – also
                                   invented there – against the inked surface of woodblocks. As both
                                   sides of the thin, porous sheet could not be printed, the traditional       New words
                                   Chinese ‘accordion book’ was folded and stitched at the side.
                                                                                                               Calligraphy – The art of beautiful and stylised
                                   Superbly skilled craftsmen could duplicate, with remarkable accuracy,
                                                                                                               writing
                                   the beauty of calligraphy.
                                   The imperial state in China was, for a very long time, the major
                                   producer of printed material. China possessed a huge bureaucratic
                                   system which recruited its personnel through civil service
                                   examinations. Textbooks for this examination were printed in vast
                                   numbers under the sponsorship of the imperial state. From the
                                   sixteenth century, the number of examination candidates went up
                                   and that increased the volume of print.
                                   By the seventeenth century, as urban culture bloomed in China, the
                                   uses of print diversified. Print was no longer used just by scholar-
                                   officials. Merchants used print in their everyday life, as they collected
                                   trade information. Reading increasingly became a leisure activity.
                                   The new readership preferred fictional narratives, poetry,
                                   autobiographies, anthologies of literary masterpieces, and romantic
                                   plays. Rich women began to read, and many women began
                                   publishing their poetry and plays. Wives of scholar-officials published
                                   their works and courtesans wrote about their lives.
                                   This new reading culture was accompanied by a new technology.
                                   Western printing techniques and mechanical presses were imported
India and the Contemporary World
                                   in the late nineteenth century as Western powers established their
                                   outposts in China. Shanghai became the hub of the new print culture,
                                   catering to the Western-style schools. From hand printing there was
                                   now a gradual shift to mechanical printing.
                                   1.1 Print in Japan
                                   Buddhist missionaries from China introduced hand-printing
                                   technology into Japan around AD 768-770. The oldest Japanese book,
                                   printed in AD 868, is the Buddhist Diamond Sutra, containing six sheets
                                   of text and woodcut illustrations. Pictures were printed on textiles,       Fig. 2 a – A page from the Diamond Sutra.
                                   154
                                                                                               2018-19


playing cards and paper money. In
                                               Belonging to the mid-13th
medieval Japan, poets and prose
                                               century, printing woodblocks of
writers were regularly published,              the Tripitaka Koreana are a Korean
and books were cheap and abundant.             collection of Buddhist scriptures.
                                               They were engraved on about
Printing of visual material led to             80,000 woodblocks. They were
interesting publishing practices. In           inscribed on the UNESCO Memory
                                               of the World Register in 2007.
the late eighteenth century, in the
                                        Source: http://www.cha.go.kr
flourishing urban circles at Edo
                                                                                     Fig. 2b – Tripitaka Koreana
(later to be known as Tokyo),
illustrated collections of paintings
depicted an elegant urban culture, involving artists, courtesans,
and teahouse gatherings. Libraries and bookstores were packed
with hand-printed material of various types – books on women,
musical instruments, calculations, tea ceremony, flower
arrangements, proper etiquette, cooking and famous places.
Box 1
 Kitagawa Utamaro, born in Edo in 1753, was widely known for
 his contributions to an art form called ukiyo (‘pictures of the floating
 world’) or depiction of ordinary human experiences, especially urban
 ones. These prints travelled to contemporary US and Europe and
 influenced artists like Manet, Monet and Van Gogh. Publishers like
 Tsutaya Juzaburo identified subjects and commissioned artists who
 drew the theme in outline. Then a skilled woodblock carver pasted
 the drawing on a woodblock and carved a printing block to
 reproduce the painter’s lines. In the process, the original drawing                               Fig. 3 – An ukiyo
 would be destroyed and only prints would survive.                                                 print by Kitagawa
                                                                                                   Utamaro.
                                                                              Fig. 4a – A morning scene,                     Print Culture
                                                                              ukiyo print by Shunman
                                                                              Kubo, late eighteenth
                                                                              century.
                                                                              A man looks out of the
                                                                              window at the snowfall while
                                                                              women prepare tea and
                                                                              perform other domestic
                                                                              duties.
                                                                                                                       155
                                                             2018-19


                                   2 Print Comes to Europe
                                   For centuries, silk and spices from China flowed into Europe through        New words
                                   the silk route. In the eleventh century, Chinese paper reached Europe
                                                                                                               Vellum – A parchment made from the skin
                                   via the same route. Paper made possible the production of                   of animals
                                   manuscripts, carefully written by scribes. Then, in 1295, Marco Polo,
                                   a great explorer, returned to Italy after many years of exploration in
                                   China. As you read above, China already had the technology of
                                   woodblock printing. Marco Polo brought this knowledge back with
                                   him. Now Italians began producing books with woodblocks, and
                                   soon the technology spread to other parts of Europe. Luxury
                                   editions were still handwritten on very expensive vellum, meant for
                                   aristocratic circles and rich monastic libraries which scoffed at printed
                                   books as cheap vulgarities. Merchants and students in the university
                                   towns bought the cheaper printed copies.
                                   As the demand for books increased, booksellers all over Europe
                                   began exporting books to many different countries. Book fairs were
                                   held at different places. Production of handwritten manuscripts was
                                                                                                                                 Fig. 4b – Jikji
                                   also organised in new ways to meet the expanded demand. Scribes
                                   or skilled handwriters were no longer solely employed by wealthy            The Jikji of Korea is among the world’s oldest
                                                                                                               existing books printed with movable metal type.
                                   or influential patrons but increasingly by booksellers as well. More        It contains the essential features of Zen
                                   than 50 scribes often worked for one bookseller.                            Buddhism. About 150 monks of India, China and
                                                                                                               Korea are mentioned in the book. It was printed
                                   But the production of handwritten manuscripts could not satisfy             in late 14th century. While the first volume of
                                                                                                               the book is unavailable, the second one is available
                                   the ever-increasing demand for books. Copying was an expensive,             in the National Library of France. This work marked
                                   laborious and time-consuming business. Manuscripts were fragile,            an important technical change in the print
                                                                                                               culture. That is why it was inscribed on the
                                   awkward to handle, and could not be carried around or read easily.
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                               UNESCO Memory of the World Register in 2001.
                                   Their circulation therefore remained limited. With the growing
                                   demand for books, woodblock printing gradually became more
                                   and more popular. By the early fifteenth century, woodblocks were
                                   being widely used in Europe to print textiles, playing cards, and
                                   religious pictures with simple, brief texts.
                                   There was clearly a great need for even quicker and cheaper
                                   reproduction of texts. This could only be with the invention of a
                                                                                                               Activity
                                   new print technology. The breakthrough occurred at Strasbourg,              Imagine that you are Marco Polo. Write a letter
                                                                                                               from China to describe the world of print which
                                   Germany, where Johann Gutenberg developed the first-known
                                                                                                               you have seen there.
                                   printing press in the 1430s.
                                   156
                                                                                               2018-19


2.1 Gutenberg and the Printing Press
Gutenberg was the son of a merchant and grew up on a large
agricultural estate. From his childhood he had seen wine and olive
presses. Subsequently, he learnt the art of polishing stones, became a
master goldsmith, and also acquired the expertise to create lead
moulds used for making trinkets. Drawing on this knowledge,
Gutenberg adapted existing technology to design his innovation.
The olive press provided the model for the printing press, and moulds
were used for casting the metal types for the letters of the alphabet.
By 1448, Gutenberg perfected the system. The first book he printed
was the Bible. About 180 copies were printed and it took three            Fig. 5 – A Portrait of
                                                                          Johann Gutenberg,
years to produce them. By the standards of the time this was fast         1584.
production.
The new technology did not entirely displace the existing art of
producing books by hand.                                                                        Frame
In fact, printed books at first closely resembled the written
manuscripts in appearance and layout. The metal letters imitated the
ornamental handwritten styles. Borders were illuminated by hand
                                                                                                                  Screw
with foliage and other patterns, and illustrations were painted. In the
books printed for the rich, space for decoration was kept blank on
                                                                                                    Handle
the printed page. Each purchaser could choose the design and decide
on the painting school that would do the illustrations.                                                       Platen
In the hundred years between 1450 and 1550, printing presses were
set up in most countries of Europe. Printers from Germany travelled
to other countries, seeking work and helping start new presses. As                                      Printing block
                                                                                                        placed over
                                                                                                        paper
the number of printing presses grew, book production boomed.
The second half of the fifteenth century saw 20 million copies of
printed books flooding the markets in Europe. The number went             Fig. 6 – Gutenberg Printing Press.
                                                                          Notice the long handle attached to the screw.
up in the sixteenth century to about 200 million copies.                  This handle was used to turn the screw and
                                                                          press down the platen over the printing block
                                                                                                                                Print Culture
This shift from hand printing to mechanical printing led to the           that was placed on top of a sheet of damp
                                                                          paper. Gutenberg developed metal types for
print revolution.                                                         each of the 26 characters of the Roman
                                                                          alphabet and devised a way of moving them
                                                                          around so as to compose different words of the
 New words                                                                text. This came to be known as the moveable
                                                                          type printing machine, and it remained the basic
 Platen – In letterpress printing, platen is a board which is             print technology over the next 300 years.
                                                                          Books could now be produced much faster than
 pressed onto the back of the paper to get the impression from            was possible when each print block was
 the type. At one time it used to be a wooden board; later it             prepared by carving a piece of wood by hand.
                                                                          The Gutenberg press could print 250 sheets
 was made of steel                                                        on one side per hour.
                                                                                                                          157
                                                          2018-19


                                                                                  Fig. 7 – Pages of Gutenberg’s Bible, the first printed book in Europe.
                                                                                  Gutenberg printed about 180 copies, of which no more than 50 have
                                                                                  survived.
                                                                                  Look at these pages of Gutenberg’s Bible carefully. They were not just
                                                                                  products of new technology. The text was printed in the new Gutenberg
                                                                                  press with metal type, but the borders were carefully designed, painted and
                                                                                  illuminated by hand by artists. No two copies were the same. Every page of
                                                                                  each copy was different. Even when two copies look similar, a careful
                                                                                  comparison will reveal differences. Elites everywhere preferred this lack of
                                                                                  uniformity: what they possessed then could be claimed as unique, for no
                                                                                  one else owned a copy that was exactly the same.
                                                                                  In the text you will notice the use of colour within the letters in various
                                                                                  places. This had two functions: it added colour to the page, and highlighted
                                                                                  all the holy words to emphasise their significance. But the colour on every
                                                                                  page of the text was added by hand. Gutenberg printed the text in black,
                                                                                  leaving spaces where the colour could be filled in later.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 8 – A printer’s workshop, sixteenth century.
                                    This picture depicts what a printer’s shop looked like in the
                                    sixteenth century. All the activities are going on under one roof.       New words
                                    In the foreground on the right, compositors are at work, while           Compositor – The person who composes the
                                    on the left galleys are being prepared and ink is being applied on
                                    the metal types; in the background, the printers are turning the         text for printing
                                    screws of the press, and near them proofreaders are at work.             Galley – Metal frame in which types are laid
                                    Right in front is the final product – the double-page printed
                                    sheets, stacked in neat piles, waiting to be bound.                      and the text composed
                                   158
                                                                                            2018-19


3 The Print Revolution and Its Impact
What was the print revolution? It was not just a development, a new
way of producing books; it transformed the lives of people,
changing their relationship to information and knowledge, and with
institutions and authorities. It influenced popular perceptions and
opened up new ways of looking at things.
Let us explore some of these changes.
3.1 A New Reading Public
With the printing press, a new reading public emerged. Printing
reduced the cost of books. The time and labour required to produce         Activity
each book came down, and multiple copies could be produced                 You are a bookseller advertising the availability
with greater ease. Books flooded the market, reaching out to an            of new cheap printed books. Design a poster
ever-growing readership.                                                   for your shop window.
Access to books created a new culture of reading. Earlier, reading
was restricted to the elites. Common people lived in a world of oral
culture. They heard sacred texts read out, ballads recited, and folk
tales narrated. Knowledge was transferred orally. People collectively
heard a story, or saw a performance. As you will see in Chapter 8,
they did not read a book individually and silently. Before the age of
print, books were not only expensive but they could not be produced
in sufficient numbers. Now books could reach out to wider sections
of people. If earlier there was a hearing public, now a reading public
came into being.
But the transition was not so simple. Books could be read only by
the literate, and the rates of literacy in most European countries
were very low till the twentieth century. How, then, could publishers
persuade the common people to welcome the printed book? To do
this, they had to keep in mind the wider reach of the printed work:
                                                                                                                                Print Culture
even those who did not read could certainly enjoy listening to books
being read out. So printers began publishing popular ballads and
folk tales, and such books would be profusely illustrated with pictures.
These were then sung and recited at gatherings in villages and in          New words
taverns in towns.                                                          Ballad – A historical account or folk tale in
Oral culture thus entered print and printed material was orally            verse, usually sung or recited
transmitted. The line that separated the oral and reading cultures         Taverns – Places where people gathered to
became blurred. And the hearing public and reading public became           drink alcohol, to be served food, and to meet
intermingled.                                                              friends and exchange news
                                                                                                                          159
                                                          2018-19


                                   3.2 Religious Debates and the Fear of Print
                                   Print created the possibility of wide circulation of
                                   ideas, and introduced a new world of debate and
                                   discussion. Even those who disagreed with
                                   established authorities could now print and circulate
                                   their ideas. Through the printed message, they could
                                   persuade people to think differently, and move them
                                   to action. This had significance in different spheres
                                   of life.
                                   Not everyone welcomed the printed book, and those
                                   who did also had fears about it. Many were
                                   apprehensive of the effects that the easier access to
                                   the printed word and the wider circulation of books,
                                   could have on people’s minds. It was feared that if
                                   there was no control over what was printed and
                                   read then rebellious and irreligious thoughts might
                                   spread. If that happened the authority of ‘valuable’
                                   literature would be destroyed. Expressed by religious
                                   authorities and monarchs, as well as many writers
                                   and artists, this anxiety was the basis of widespread
                                   criticism of the new printed literature that had begun    Fig. 9 – J.V. Schley, L’Imprimerie, 1739.
                                   to circulate.                                             This is one of the many images produced in early modern
                                                                                             Europe, celebrating the coming of print. You can see the
                                   Let us consider the implication of this in one sphere     printing press descending from heaven, carried by a goddess.
                                                                                             On two sides of the goddess, blessing the machine, are
                                   of life in early modern Europe – namely, religion.        Minerva (the goddess of wisdom) and Mercury (the messenger
                                                                                             god, also symbolising reason). The women in the foreground
                                   In 1517, the religious reformer Martin Luther wrote       are holding plaques with the portraits of six pioneer printers of
                                                                                             different countries. In the middle ground on the left (figure
                                   Ninety Five Theses criticising many of the practices      encircled) is the portrait of Gutenberg.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   and rituals of the Roman Catholic Church. A printed
                                   copy of this was posted on a church door in Wittenberg. It challenged
                                   the Church to debate his ideas. Luther’s writings were immediately
                                   reproduced in vast numbers and read widely. This lead to a division
                                                                                                              New words
                                   within the Church and to the beginning of the Protestant
                                   Reformation. Luther’s translation of the New Testament sold 5,000          Protestant Reformation – A sixteenth-century
                                   copies within a few weeks and a second edition appeared within             movement to reform the Catholic Church
                                   three months. Deeply grateful to print, Luther said, ‘Printing is the      dominated by Rome. Martin Luther was one
                                   ultimate gift of God and the greatest one.’ Several scholars, in fact,     of the main Protestant reformers. Several
                                   think that print brought about a new intellectual atmosphere and           traditions of anti-Catholic Christianity
                                   helped spread the new ideas that led to the Reformation.                   developed out of the movement
                                   160
                                                                                             2018-19


3.3 Print and Dissent                                                      New words
Print and popular religious literature stimulated many distinctive
                                                                           Inquisition – A former Roman Catholic court
individual interpretations of faith even among little-educated working
                                                                           for identifying and punishing heretics
people. In the sixteenth century, Menocchio, a miller in Italy, began
                                                                           Heretical – Beliefs which do not follow the
to read books that were available in his locality. He reinterpreted the
                                                                           accepted teachings of the Church. In medieval
message of the Bible and formulated a view of God and Creation
                                                                           times, heresy was seen as a threat to the right
that enraged the Roman Catholic Church. When the Roman Church
                                                                           of the Church to decide on what should be
began its inquisition to repress heretical ideas, Menocchio was hauled
                                                                           believed and what should not. Heretical beliefs
up twice and ultimately executed. The Roman Church, troubled by
                                                                           were severely punished
such effects of popular readings and questionings of faith, imposed
                                                                           Satiety – The state of being fulfilled much
severe controls over publishers and booksellers and began to maintain
                                                                           beyond the point of satisfaction
an Index of Prohibited Books from 1558.
                                                                           Seditious – Action, speech or writing that is
                                                                           seen as opposing the government
                                                                          Source A
                                                                           Fear of the book
                                                                           Erasmus, a Latin scholar and a Catholic reformer,
                                                                           who criticised the excesses of Catholicism but kept
                                                                           his distance from Luther, expressed a deep anxiety
                                                                           about printing. He wrote in Adages (1508):
                                                                           ‘To what corner of the world do they not fly,
                                                                           these swarms of new books? It may be that one
                                                                           here and there contributes something worth
                                                                           knowing, but the very multitude of them is hurtful
                                                                           to scholarship, because it creates a glut, and even
                                                                           in good things satiety is most harmful ... [printers]
                                                                           fill the world with books, not just trifling things
 Fig. 10 – The macabre dance.                                              (such as I write, perhaps), but stupid, ignorant,
 This sixteenth-century print shows how the fear of printing was           slanderous, scandalous, raving, irreligious and
 dramatised in visual representations of the time. In this highly          seditious books, and the number of them
 interesting woodcut the coming of print is associated with the end        is such that even the valuable publications lose
 of the world. The interior of the printer’s workshop here is the site     their value.’
 of a dance of death. Skeletal figures control the printer and his
 workers, define and dictate what is to be done and what is to be                                            Source
                                                                                                                                   Print Culture
 produced.
 Discuss
 Write briefly why some people feared that the development of
 print could lead to the growth of dissenting ideas.
                                                                                                                             161
                                                          2018-19


                                   4 The Reading Mania
                                   Through the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries literacy rates went
                                                                                                                New words
                                   up in most parts of Europe. Churches of different denominations
                                   set up schools in villages, carrying literacy to peasants and artisans.      Denominations – Sub groups within a religion
                                   By the end of the eighteenth century, in some parts of Europe                Almanac – An annual publication giving
                                   literacy rates were as high as 60 to 80 per cent. As literacy and schools    astronomical data, information about the
                                                                                                                movements of the sun and moon, timing of
                                   spread in European countries, there was a virtual reading mania.
                                                                                                                full tides and eclipses, and much else that was
                                   People wanted books to read and printers produced books in ever-
                                                                                                                of importance in the everyday life of people
                                   increasing numbers.
                                                                                                                Chapbook – A term used to describe pocket-
                                   New forms of popular literature appeared in print, targeting new             size books that are sold by travelling pedlars
                                   audiences. Booksellers employed pedlars who roamed around                    called chapmen. These became popular from
                                   villages, carrying little books for sale. There were almanacs or ritual      the time of the sixteenth-century print revolution
                                   calendars, along with ballads and folktales. But other forms of reading
                                   matter, largely for entertainment, began to reach ordinary readers as
                                   well. In England, penny chapbooks were carried by petty pedlars
                                   known as chapmen, and sold for a penny, so that even the poor
                                   could buy them. In France, were the “Biliotheque Bleue”, which
                                   were low-priced small books printed on poor quality paper, and
                                   bound in cheap blue covers. Then there were the romances, printed
                                   on four to six pages, and the more substantial ‘histories’ which were
                                   stories about the past. Books were of various sizes, serving many
                                   different purposes and interests.
                                   The periodical press developed from the early eighteenth century,           Box 2
                                   combining information about current affairs with entertainment.
                                   Newspapers and journals carried information about wars and trade,            In 1791, a London publisher, James Lackington,
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                                wrote in his diary:
                                   as well as news of developments in other places.
                                                                                                                ‘The sale of books in general has increased
                                   Similarly, the ideas of scientists and philosophers now became more          prodigiously within the last twenty years. The
                                                                                                                poorer sort of farmers and even the poor country
                                   accessible to the common people. Ancient and medieval scientific             people in general who before that period spent
                                   texts were compiled and published, and maps and scientific diagrams          their winter evenings in relating stories of witches,
                                                                                                                ghosts, hobgoblins … now shorten the winter
                                   were widely printed. When scientists like Isaac Newton began to              night by hearing their sons and daughters read
                                   publish their discoveries, they could influence a much wider circle          them tales, romances, etc. If John goes to town
                                                                                                                with a load of hay, he is charged to be sure not
                                   of scientifically minded readers. The writings of thinkers such as
                                                                                                                to forget to bring home Peregrine Pickle’s
                                   Thomas Paine, Voltaire and Jean Jacques Rousseau were also widely            Adventure … and when Dolly is sent to sell her
                                                                                                                eggs, she is commissioned to purchase The
                                   printed and read. Thus their ideas about science, reason and rationality
                                                                                                                History of Joseph Andrews.’
                                   found their way into popular literature.
                                   162
                                                                                               2018-19


4.1 ‘Tremble, therefore, tyrants of the world!’
By the mid-eighteenth century, there was a common conviction that           Source B
books were a means of spreading progress and enlightenment. Many
believed that books could change the world, liberate society from            This is how Mercier describes the impact of the
                                                                             printed word, and the power of reading in one
despotism and tyranny, and herald a time when reason and intellect
                                                                             of his books:
would rule. Louise-Sebastien Mercier, a novelist in eighteenth-century
                                                                             ‘Anyone who had seen me reading would have
France, declared: ‘The printing press is the most powerful engine of         compared me to a man dying of thirst who was
progress and public opinion is the force that will sweep despotism           gulping down some fresh, pure water … Lighting
                                                                             my lamp with extraordinary caution, I threw
away.’ In many of Mercier’s novels, the heroes are transformed by            myself hungrily into the reading. An easy
acts of reading. They devour books, are lost in the world books              eloquence, effortless and animated, carried me
create, and become enlightened in the process. Convinced of the              from one page to the next without my noticing
                                                                             it. A clock struck off the hours in the silence of
power of print in bringing enlightenment and destroying the basis            the shadows, and I heard nothing. My lamp began
of despotism, Mercier proclaimed: ‘Tremble, therefore, tyrants of            to run out of oil and produced only a pale light,
                                                                             but still I read on. I could not even take out time
the world! Tremble before the virtual writer!’
                                                                             to raise the wick for fear of interrupting my
                                                                             pleasure. How those new ideas rushed into my
                                                                             brain! How my intelligence adopted them!’
4.2 Print Culture and the French Revolution
Many historians have argued that print culture created the conditions        Quoted by Robert Darnton, The Forbidden Best-
within which French Revolution occurred. Can we make such                    Sellers of Pre-Revolutionary France, 1995.
a connection?                                                                                                   Source
Three types of arguments have been usually put forward.
First: print popularised the ideas of the Enlightenment thinkers.
                                                                             New words
Collectively, their writings provided a critical commentary on tradition,
superstition and despotism. They argued for the rule of reason rather        Despotism – A system of governance in which
than custom, and demanded that everything be judged through the              absolute power is exercised by an individual,
application of reason and rationality. They attacked the sacred              unregulated by legal and constitutional checks
authority of the Church and the despotic power of the state, thus
eroding the legitimacy of a social order based on tradition. The
writings of Voltaire and Rousseau were read widely; and those who
read these books saw the world through new eyes, eyes that were
                                                                                                                                   Print Culture
questioning, critical and rational.
Second: print created a new culture of dialogue and debate. All
values, norms and institutions were re-evaluated and discussed by a
public that had become aware of the power of reason, and
recognised the need to question existing ideas and beliefs. Within
this public culture, new ideas of social revolution came into being.
Third: by the 1780s there was an outpouring of literature that mocked
the royalty and criticised their morality. In the process, it raised
                                                                                                                             163
                                                           2018-19


                                   questions about the existing social order. Cartoons and caricatures
                                   typically suggested that the monarchy remained absorbed only in
                                   sensual pleasures while the common people suffered immense
                                   hardships. This literature circulated underground and led to the
                                   growth of hostile sentiments against the monarchy.
                                   How do we look at these arguments? There can be no doubt that
                                   print helps the spread of ideas. But we must remember that people
                                   did not read just one kind of literature. If they read the ideas of
                                   Voltaire and Rousseau, they were also exposed to monarchical and             Activity
                                   Church propaganda. They were not influenced directly by everything
                                                                                                                 Imagine that you are a cartoonist in France
                                   they read or saw. They accepted some ideas and rejected others.
                                                                                                                 before the revolution. Design a cartoon as it
                                   They interpreted things their own way. Print did not directly shape
                                                                                                                 would have appeared in a pamphlet.
                                   their minds, but it did open up the possibility of thinking differently.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 11 – The nobility and the common people before the French Revolution, a
                                    cartoon of the late eighteenth century.
                                    The cartoon shows how the ordinary people – peasants, artisans and workers – had a
                                    hard time while the nobility enjoyed life and oppressed them. Circulation of cartoons
                                    like this one had an impact on the thinking of people before the revolution.
                                    Discuss
                                    Why do some historians think that print culture created the basis for the French Revolution?
                                   164
                                                                                              2018-19


5 The Nineteenth Century
The nineteenth century saw vast leaps in mass literacy in Europe,
bringing in large numbers of new readers among children,
women and workers.
5.1 Children, Women and Workers
As primary education became compulsory from the late
nineteenth century, children became an important category
of readers. Production of school textbooks became critical
for the publishing industry. A children’s press, devoted to
literature for children alone, was set up in France in 1857.
This press published new works as well as old fairy tales
and folk tales. The Grimm Brothers in Germany spent years
compiling traditional folk tales gathered from peasants. What
they collected was edited before the stories were published
in a collection in 1812. Anything that was considered
unsuitable for children or would appear vulgar to the elites,
was not included in the published version. Rural folk tales
thus acquired a new form. In this way, print recorded old
tales but also changed them.
Women became important as readers as well as writers. Penny
magazines (see Fig. 12) were especially meant for women, as
                                                             Fig. 12 – Frontispiece of Penny Magazine.
were manuals teaching proper behaviour and housekeeping. Penny Magazine was published between 1832 and 1835
When novels began to be written in the nineteenth century, in England by the Society for the Diffusion of Useful
                                                             Knowledge. It was aimed primarily at the working class.
women were seen as important readers. Some of the best-
known novelists were women: Jane Austen, the Bronte sisters,
George Eliot. Their writings became important in defining a new
type of woman: a person with will, strength of personality,
determination and the power to think.
                                                                                                                            Print Culture
                                                                       Box 3
Lending libraries had been in existence from the seventeenth century
onwards. In the nineteenth century, lending libraries in England        Thomas Wood, a Yorkshire mechanic, narrated
                                                                        how he would rent old newspapers and read
became instruments for educating white-collar workers, artisans         them by firelight in the evenings as he could not
and lower-middle-class people. Sometimes, self-educated working         afford candles. Autobiographies of poor people
                                                                        narrated their struggles to read against grim
class people wrote for themselves. After the working day was
                                                                        obstacles: the twentieth-century Russian
gradually shortened from the mid-nineteenth century, workers had        revolutionary author Maxim Gorky’s My Childhood
some time for self-improvement and self-expression. They wrote          and My University provide glimpses of such
                                                                        struggles.
political tracts and autobiographies in large numbers.
                                                                                                                      165
                                                        2018-19


                                   5.2 Further Innovations
                                   By the late eighteenth century, the press came to be made out of
                                   metal. Through the nineteenth century, there were a series of further
                                   innovations in printing technology. By the mid-nineteenth century,
                                   Richard M. Hoe of New York had perfected the power-driven
                                   cylindrical press. This was capable of printing 8,000 sheets per hour.
                                   This press was particularly useful for printing newspapers. In the
                                   late nineteenth century, the offset press was developed which could
                                   print up to six colours at a time. From the turn of the twentieth
                                   century, electrically operated presses accelerated printing operations.
                                   A series of other developments followed. Methods of feeding paper
                                   improved, the quality of plates became better, automatic paper reels
                                   and photoelectric controls of the colour register were introduced.
                                   The accumulation of several individual mechanical improvements
                                   transformed the appearance of printed texts.
                                   Printers and publishers continuously developed new strategies
                                   to sell their product. Nineteenth-century periodicals serialised
                                   important novels, which gave birth to a particular way of writing
                                   novels. In the 1920s in England, popular works were sold in
                                                                                                             Activity
                                   cheap series, called the Shilling Series. The dust cover or the
                                   book jacket is also a twentieth-century innovation. With the              Look at Fig. 13. What impact do such
                                                                                                             advertisements have on the public mind?
                                   onset of the Great Depression in the 1930s, publishers feared a
                                                                                                             Do you think everyone reacts to printed material
                                   decline in book purchases. To sustain buying, they brought
                                                                                                             in the same way?
                                   out cheap paperback editions.
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 13 – Advertisements at a railway station in England, a lithograph by Alfred Concanen, 1874.
                                    Printed advertisements and notices were plastered on street walls, railway platforms and public buildings.
                                   166
                                                                                             2018-19


6 India and the World of Print
Let us see when printing began in India and how ideas and information
were written before the age of print.
6.1 Manuscripts Before the Age of Print
India had a very rich and old tradition of handwritten manuscripts –
in Sanskrit, Arabic, Persian, as well as in various vernacular languages.
Manuscripts were copied on palm leaves or on handmade paper.
Pages were sometimes beautifully illustrated. They would be either                                  Fig. 14 – Pages
                                                                                                    from the Gita
pressed between wooden covers or sewn together to ensure                                            Govinda of
preservation. Manuscripts continued to be produced till well after                                  Jayadeva,
                                                                                                    eighteenth century.
the introduction of print, down to the late nineteenth century.                                     This is a palm-leaf
                                                                                                    handwritten
Manuscripts, however, were highly expensive and fragile. They had                                   manuscript in
to be handled carefully, and they could not be read easily as the                                   accordion format.
                                                                                                                           Print Culture
 Fig. 15 – Pages from the Diwan of Hafiz, 1824.
 Hafiz was a fourteenth-century poet whose collected works are known as Diwan. Notice the
 beautiful calligraphy and the elaborate illustration and design. Manuscripts like this continued
 to be produced for the rich even after the coming of the letterpress.
                                                                                                                     167
                                                            2018-19


                                   script was written in different styles. So
                                   manuscripts were not widely used in
                                   everyday life. Even though pre-colonial
                                   Bengal had developed an extensive network
                                   of village primary schools, students very
                                   often did not read texts. They only learnt
                                   to write. Teachers dictated portions of
                                   texts from memory and students wrote           Fig. 16 – Pages from the Rigveda.
                                                                                  Handwritten manuscripts continued to be produced in India till much after
                                   them down. Many thus became literate           the coming of print. This manuscript was produced in the eighteenth
                                   without ever actually reading any kinds        century in the Malayalam script.
                                   of texts.
                                   6.2 Print Comes to India
                                   The printing press first came to Goa with Portuguese missionaries
                                   in the mid-sixteenth century. Jesuit priests learnt Konkani and
                                   printed several tracts. By 1674, about 50 books had been printed
                                   in the Konkani and in Kanara languages. Catholic priests printed
                                   the first Tamil book in 1579 at Cochin, and in 1713 the first
                                   Malayalam book was printed by them. By 1710, Dutch Protestant
                                   missionaries had printed 32 Tamil texts, many of them translations
                                   of older works.
                                   The English language press did not grow in India till quite late even
                                   though the English East India Company began to import presses
                                   from the late seventeenth century.
                                   From 1780, James Augustus Hickey began to edit the Bengal Gazette,
                                   a weekly magazine that described itself as ‘a commercial paper open
                                   to all, but influenced by none’. So it was private English enterprise,
                                   proud of its independence from colonial influence, that began English
India and the Contemporary World
                                   printing in India. Hickey published a lot of advertisements, including
                                   those that related to the import and sale of slaves. But he also Source C
                                   published a lot of gossip about the Company’s senior officials in      As late as 1768, a William Bolts affixed a notice
                                   India. Enraged by this, Governor-General Warren Hastings               on a public building in Calcutta:
                                   persecuted Hickey, and encouraged the publication of officially        ‘To the Public: Mr. Bolts takes this method of
                                   sanctioned newspapers that could counter the flow of information       informing  the public that the want of a printing
                                                                                                          press in this city being of a great disadvantage in
                                   that damaged the image of the colonial government. By the              business ... he is going to give the best
                                   close of the eighteenth century, a number of newspapers and            encouragement to any ... persons who are
                                   journals appeared in print. There were Indians, too, who began         versed in the business of printing.’
                                   to publish Indian newspapers. The first to appear was the weekly       Bolts, however, left for England soon after and
                                                                                                          nothing came of the promise.
                                   Bengal Gazette, brought out by Gangadhar Bhattacharya, who
                                   was close to Rammohun Roy.
                                                                                                                                              Source
                                   168
                                                                                            2018-19


7 Religious Reform and Public Debates
From the early nineteenth century, as you know, there were intense
debates around religious issues. Different groups confronted the
changes happening within colonial society in different ways, and
offered a variety of new interpretations of the beliefs of different
religions. Some criticised existing practices and campaigned for
reform, while others countered the arguments of reformers. These
debates were carried out in public and in print. Printed tracts and
newspapers not only spread the new ideas, but they shaped the
nature of the debate. A wider public could now participate in these
public discussions and express their views. New ideas emerged
through these clashes of opinions.
This was a time of intense controversies between social and religious
reformers and the Hindu orthodoxy over matters like widow
immolation, monotheism, Brahmanical priesthood and idolatry. In
Bengal, as the debate developed, tracts and newspapers proliferated,
circulating a variety of arguments. To reach a wider audience, the
ideas were printed in the everyday, spoken language of ordinary
people. Rammohun Roy published the Sambad Kaumudi from 1821
and the Hindu orthodoxy commissioned the Samachar Chandrika
to oppose his opinions. From 1822, two Persian newspapers were
published, Jam-i-Jahan Nama and Shamsul Akhbar. In the same year,
a Gujarati newspaper, the Bombay Samachar, made its appearance.
In north India, the ulama were deeply anxious about the collapse
of Muslim dynasties. They feared that colonial rulers would
encourage conversion, change the Muslim personal laws. To counter
this, they used cheap lithographic presses, published Persian and
Urdu translations of holy scriptures, and printed religious
newspapers and tracts. The Deoband Seminary, founded in 1867,
                                                                                                                          Print Culture
published thousands upon thousands of fatwas telling Muslim
readers how to conduct themselves in their everyday lives, and
explaining the meanings of Islamic doctrines. All through the
nineteenth century, a number of Muslim sects and seminaries             New words
appeared, each with a different interpretation of faith, each keen      Ulama – Legal scholars of Islam and the sharia
on enlarging its following and countering the influence of its          ( a body of Islamic law)
opponents. Urdu print helped them conduct these battles in public.      Fatwa – A legal pronouncement on Islamic
                                                                        law usually given by a mufti (legal scholar) to
Among Hindus, too, print encouraged the reading of religious texts,
                                                                        clarify issues on which the law is uncertain
especially in the vernacular languages. The first printed edition of
                                                                                                                    169
                                                         2018-19


                                   the Ramcharitmanas of Tulsidas, a sixteenth-century text, came out
                                   from Calcutta in 1810. By the mid-nineteenth century, cheap
                                   lithographic editions flooded north Indian markets. From the 1880s,
                                   the Naval Kishore Press at Lucknow and the Shri Venkateshwar
                                   Press in Bombay published numerous religious texts in vernaculars.
                                   In their printed and portable form, these could be read easily by the
                                   faithful at any place and time. They could also be read out to large
                                   groups of illiterate men and women.
                                   Religious texts, therefore, reached a very wide circle of people,
                                   encouraging discussions, debates and controversies within and
                                   among different religions.
                                   Print did not only stimulate the publication of conflicting opinions
                                   amongst communities, but it also connected communities and people
                                   in different parts of India. Newspapers conveyed news from one
                                   place to another, creating pan-Indian identities.
                                   Source D
                                    Why Newspapers?
                                    ‘Krishnaji Trimbuck Ranade inhabitant of Poona intends to publish a Newspaper in the Marathi Language with a view of
                                    affording useful information on every topic of local interest. It will be open for free discussion on subjects of general utility,
                                    scientific investigation and the speculations connected with the antiquities, statistics, curiosities, history and geography of
                                    the country and of the Deccan especially… the patronage and support of all interested in the diffusion of knowledge and
                                    Welfare of the People is earnestly solicited.’
                                    Bombay Telegraph and Courier, 6 January 1849
                                    ‘The task of the native newspapers and political associations is identical to the role of the Opposition in the House of
                                    Commons in Parliament in England. That is of critically examining government policy to suggest improvements, by removing
                                    those parts that will not be to the benefit of the people, and also by ensuring speedy implementation.
                                    These associations ought to carefully study the particular issues, gather diverse relevant information on the nation as well
                                    as on what are the possible and desirable improvements, and this will surely earn it considerable influence.’
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Native Opinion, 3 April 1870.
                                                                                                                                       Source
                                   170
                                                                                                2018-19


8 New Forms of Publication
Printing created an appetite for new kinds of writing. As more and
more people could now read, they wanted to see their own lives,
experiences, emotions and relationships reflected in what they read.
The novel, a literary firm which had developed in Europe, ideally
catered to this need. It soon acquired distinctively Indian forms and
styles. For readers, it opened up new worlds of experience, and
gave a vivid sense of the diversity of human lives.
Other new literary forms also entered the world of reading –
lyrics, short stories, essays about social and political matters. In
different ways, they reinforced the new emphasis on human lives
and intimate feelings, about the political and social rules that shaped
such things.
By the end of the nineteenth century, a new visual
culture was taking shape. With the setting up of an
increasing number of printing presses, visual images
could be easily reproduced in multiple copies. Painters
like Raja Ravi Varma produced images for mass
circulation. Poor wood engravers who made
woodblocks set up shop near the letterpresses, and
were employed by print shops. Cheap prints and
calendars, easily available in the bazaar, could be
bought even by the poor to decorate the walls of
their homes or places of work. These prints began
shaping popular ideas about modernity and tradition,
religion and politics, and society and culture.
By the 1870s, caricatures and cartoons were being
published in journals and newspapers, commenting
on social and political issues. Some caricatures
ridiculed the educated Indians’ fascination with
                                                                                Print Culture
Western tastes and clothes, while others expressed
the fear of social change. There were imperial
caricatures lampooning nationalists, as well as
nationalist cartoons criticising imperial rule.
Fig. 17 – Raja Ritudhwaj rescuing Princess Madalsa
from the captivity of demons, print by Ravi Varma.
Raja Ravi Varma produced innumerable mythological
paintings that were printed at the Ravi Varma Press.
                                                                          171
                                                          2018-19


                                   8.1 Women and Print
                                   Lives and feelings of women began to be written in particularly
                                   vivid and intense ways. Women’s reading, therefore, increased
                                   enormously in middle-class homes. Liberal husbands and fathers
                                   began educating their womenfolk at home, and sent them to schools
                                   when women’s schools were set up in the cities and towns after the
                                   mid-nineteenth century. Many journals began carrying writings by
                                   women, and explained why women should be educated. They also
                                   carried a syllabus and attached suitable reading matter which could
                                   be used for home-based schooling.
                                   But not all families were liberal. Conservative Hindus believed
                                   that a literate girl would be widowed and Muslims feared that
                                   educated women would be corrupted by reading Urdu romances.
                                   Sometimes, rebel women defied such prohibition. We know the
                                   story of a girl in a conservative Muslim family of north India
                                   who secretly learnt to read and write in Urdu. Her family wanted
                                                                                                          Fig. 18 – The cover page of Indian Charivari.
                                   her to read only the Arabic Quran which she did not understand.        The Indian Charivari was one of the many
                                   So she insisted on learning to read a language that was her own. In    journals of caricature and satire published in
                                                                                                          the late nineteenth century.
                                   East Bengal, in the early nineteenth century, Rashsundari Debi, a      Notice that the imperial British figure is
                                   young married girl in a very orthodox household, learnt to read in     positioned right at the centre. He is
                                                                                                          authoritative and imperial; telling the natives
                                   the secrecy of her kitchen. Later, she wrote her autobiography
                                                                                                          what is to be done. The natives sit on either
                                   Amar Jiban which was published in 1876. It was the first full-length   side of him, servile and submissive. The
                                   autobiography published in the Bengali language.                       Indians are being shown a copy of Punch, the
                                                                                                          British journal of cartoons and satire. You can
                                                                                                          almost hear the British master say – ‘This is
                                   Since social reforms and novels had already created a great interest
                                                                                                          the model, produce Indian versions of it.’
                                   in women’s lives and emotions, there was also an interest in what
                                   women would have to say about their own lives. From the 1860s,
                                   a few Bengali women like Kailashbashini Debi wrote books
                                   highlighting the experiences of women – about how women were
                                   imprisoned at home, kept in ignorance, forced to do hard domestic
India and the Contemporary World
                                   labour and treated unjustly by the very people they served. In the Source E
                                   1880s, in present-day Maharashtra, Tarabai Shinde and Pandita
                                                                                                        In 1926, Begum Rokeya Sakhawat Hossein, a
                                   Ramabai wrote with passionate anger about the miserable lives        noted educationist and literary figure, strongly
                                   of upper-caste Hindu women, especially widows. A woman in a          condemned men for withholding education from
                                   Tamil novel expressed what reading meant to women who were           women in the name of religion as she addressed
                                                                                                        the Bengal Women’s Education Conference:
                                   so greatly confined by social regulations: ‘For various reasons, my
                                                                                                        ‘The opponents of female education say that
                                   world is small … More than half my life’s happiness has come         women will become unruly … Fie! They call
                                   from books …’                                                        themselves Muslims and yet go against the basic
                                                                                                          tenet of Islam which gives Women an equal right
                                   While Urdu, Tamil, Bengali and Marathi print culture had developed     to education. If men are not led astray once
                                   early, Hindi printing began seriously only from the 1870s. Soon, a     educated, why should women?’
                                   large segment of it was devoted to the education of women. In
                                                                                                                                           Source
                                   172
                                                                                           2018-19


the early twentieth century, journals, written for and sometimes
edited by women, became extremely popular. They discussed
issues like women’s education, widowhood, widow remarriage
and the national movement. Some of them offered household
and fashion lessons to women and brought entertainment through
short stories and serialised novels.
In Punjab, too, a similar folk literature was widely printed from
the early twentieth century. Ram Chaddha published the fast-selling
Istri Dharm Vichar to teach women how to be obedient wives.
The Khalsa Tract Society published cheap booklets with a similar
message. Many of these were in the form of dialogues about the
qualities of a good woman.
In Bengal, an entire area in central Calcutta – the Battala – was
devoted to the printing of popular books. Here you could buy
cheap editions of religious tracts and scriptures, as well as literature
that was considered obscene and scandalous. By the late nineteenth         Fig. 19 – Ghor Kali (The End of the
                                                                           World), coloured woodcut, late
century, a lot of these books were being profusely illustrated with        nineteenth century.
woodcuts and coloured lithographs. Pedlars took the Battala                The artist’s vision of the destruction
                                                                           of proper family relations. Here the
publications to homes, enabling women to read them in their                husband is totally dominated by his
leisure time.                                                              wife who is perched on his shoulder.
                                                                           He is cruel towards his mother,
                                                                           dragging her like an animal, by the
                                                                           noose.
                                                                                                 Fig. 20 – An Indian
                                                                                                 couple, black and white
                                                                                                 woodcut.
                                                                                                 The image shows the
                                                                                                 artist’s fear that the
                                                                                                                              Print Culture
                                                                                                 cultural impact of the
                                                                                                 West has turned the
                                                                                                 family upside down.
                                                                                                 Notice that the man is
                                                                                                 playing the veena while
                                                                                                 the woman is smoking a
                                                                                                 hookah. The move
                                                                                                 towards women’s
                                                                                                 education in the late
                                                                                                 nineteenth century
                                                                                                 created anxiety about the
                                                                                                 breakdown of traditional
                                                                                                 family roles.
                                                                                                                        173
                                                           2018-19


                                                                                                                   Fig. 21 – A European couple sitting on chairs,
                                                                                                                   nineteenth-century woodcut.
                                                                                                                   The picture suggests traditional family roles. The
                                                                                                                   Sahib holds a liquor bottle in his hand while the
                                                                                                                   Memsahib plays the violin.
                                   8.2 Print and the Poor People
                                   Very cheap small books were brought to markets in nineteenth-century
                                   Madras towns and sold at crossroads, allowing poor people travelling
                                   to markets to buy them. Public libraries were set up from the early
                                   twentieth century, expanding the access to books. These libraries were
                                   located mostly in cities and towns, and at times in prosperous villages.
                                   For rich local patrons, setting up a library was a way of acquiring prestige.
                                   From the late nineteenth century, issues of caste discrimination began to
                                   be written about in many printed tracts and essays. Jyotiba Phule, the            Activity
                                   Maratha pioneer of ‘low caste’ protest movements, wrote about the
                                                                                                                      Look at Figs. 19, 20 and 21 carefully.
                                   injustices of the caste system in his Gulamgiri (1871). In the twentieth
                                                                                                                      Ø What comment are the artists making on the
                                   century, B.R. Ambedkar in Maharashtra and E.V. Ramaswamy Naicker
                                                                                                                      social changes taking place in society?
                                   in Madras, better known as Periyar, wrote powerfully on caste and
                                                                                                                      Ø What changes in society were taking place to
                                   their writings were read by people all over India. Local protest
                                                                                                                      provoke this reaction?
                                   movements and sects also created a lot of popular journals and tracts              Ø Do you agree with the artist’s view?
India and the Contemporary World
                                   criticising ancient scriptures and envisioning a new and just future.
                                   Workers in factories were too overworked and lacked the education to
                                   write much about their experiences. But Kashibaba, a Kanpur
                                   millworker, wrote and published Chhote Aur Bade Ka Sawal in 1938 to
                                   show the links between caste and class exploitation. The poems of
                                   another Kanpur millworker, who wrote under the name of Sudarshan
                                   Chakr between 1935 and 1955, were brought together and published
                                   in a collection called Sacchi Kavitayan. By the 1930s, Bangalore cotton
                                   millworkers set up libraries to educate themselves, following the example
                                   of Bombay workers. These were sponsored by social reformers who
                                   tried to restrict excessive drinking among them, to bring literacy and,
                                   sometimes, to propagate the message of nationalism.
                                   174
                                                                                                  2018-19


 9 Print and Censorship
Before 1798, the colonial state under the East India Company was           Box 4
not too concerned with censorship. Strangely, its early measures to
control printed matter were directed against Englishmen in India            Sometimes, the government found it hard to
who were critical of Company misrule and hated the actions of               find candidates for editorship of loyalist papers.
                                                                            When Sanders, editor of the Statesman that had
particular Company officers. The Company was worried that such
                                                                            been founded in 1877, was approached, he
criticisms might be used by its critics in England to attack its trade      asked rudely how much he would be paid
monopoly in India.                                                          for suffering the loss of freedom. The Friend
                                                                            of India refused a government subsidy, fearing
By the 1820s, the Calcutta Supreme Court passed certain regulations         that this would force it to be obedient to
                                                                            government commands.
to control press freedom and the Company began encouraging
publication of newspapers that would celebrate Britsh rule. In 1835,
faced with urgent petitions by editors of English and vernacular
                                                                           Box 5
newspapers, Governor-General Bentinck agreed to revise press laws.
Thomas Macaulay, a liberal colonial official, formulated new rules
                                                                            The power of the printed word is most often
that restored the earlier freedoms.                                         seen in the way governments seek to regulate
                                                                            and suppress print. The colonial government kept
After the revolt of 1857, the attitude to freedom of the press
                                                                            continuous track of all books and newspapers
changed. Enraged Englishmen demanded a clamp down on the                    published in India and passed numerous laws to
‘native’ press. As vernacular newspapers became assertively                 control the press.
nationalist, the colonial government began debating measures of             During the First World War, under the Defence
                                                                            of India Rules, 22 newspapers had to furnish
stringent control. In 1878, the Vernacular Press Act was passed,
                                                                            securities. Of these, 18 shut down rather than
modelled on the Irish Press Laws. It provided the government                comply with government orders. The Sedition
with extensive rights to censor reports and editorials in the vernacular    Committee Report under Rowlatt in 1919 further
                                                                            strengthened controls that led to imposition of
press. From now on the government kept regular track of the
                                                                            penalties on various newspapers. At the outbreak
vernacular newspapers published in different provinces. When a              of the Second World War, the Defence of India
report was judged as seditious, the newspaper was warned, and if            Act was passed, allowing censoring of reports of
                                                                            war-related topics. All reports about the Quit India
the warning was ignored, the press was liable to be seized and the
                                                                            movement came under its purview. In August
printing machinery confiscated.                                             1942, about 90 newspapers were suppressed.
Despite repressive measures, nationalist newspapers grew in numbers
in all parts of India. They reported on colonial misrule and
                                                                           Source F
                                                                                                                                   Print Culture
encouraged nationalist activities. Attempts to throttle nationalist
criticism provoked militant protest. This in turn led to a renewed          Gandhi said in 1922:
cycle of persecution and protests. When Punjab revolutionaries were         ‘Liberty of speech ... liberty of the press ...
                                                                            freedom of association. The Government of India
deported in 1907, Balgangadhar Tilak wrote with great sympathy
                                                                            is now seeking to crush the three powerful
about them in his Kesari. This led to his imprisonment in 1908,             vehicles of expressing and cultivating public
provoking in turn widespread protests all over India.                       opinion. The fight for Swaraj, for Khilafat ...
                                                                            means a fight for this threatened freedom
                                                                            before all else ...’
                                                                                                            Source
                                                                                                                             175
                                                           2018-19


                                    Write in brief
                                         1. Give reasons for the following:
                                            a) Woodblock print only came to Europe after 1295.
                                            b) Martin Luther was in favour of print and spoke out in praise of it.
                                            c) The Roman Catholic Church began keeping an Index of Prohibited books from
                                               the mid-sixteenth century.
                                            d) Gandhi said the fight for Swaraj is a fight for liberty of speech, liberty of the
                                               press, and freedom of association.
                                                                                                                                      Write in brief
                                         2. Write short notes to show what you know about:
                                            a) The Gutenberg Press
                                            b) Erasmus’s idea of the printed book
                                            c) The Vernacular Press Act
                                         3. What did the spread of print culture in nineteenth century India mean to:
                                            a) Women
                                            b) The poor
                                            c) Reformers
                                    Discuss
                                                                                                                                                       Discuss
                                         1. Why did some people in eighteenth century Europe think that print culture would bring
                                            enlightenment and end despotism?
                                         2. Why did some people fear the effect of easily available printed books? Choose one example
                                            from Europe and one from India.
                                         3. What were the effects of the spread of print culture for poor people in nineteenth century India?
India and the Contemporary World
                                         4. Explain how print culture assisted the growth of nationalism in India.
                                    Project
                                         Find out more about the changes in print technology in the last 100 years. Write about the
                                         changes, explaining why they have taken place, what their consequences have been.
                                                                                                                        Project
                                   176
                                                                                      2018-19


                                                                                                 Chapter VIII
Novels, Society and History
                                                                              Novels,      Society            a n d History
In the previous chapter you read about the rise of print culture and
how new forms of communication reshaped the way people thought
about themselves or related to each other. You also saw how print
culture created the possibility of new forms of literature. In this
chapter we will study the history of one such form – the novel – a
history that is closely connected to the making of modern ways of
                                                                                  Novels, Society and History
thinking. We will first look at the history of the novel in the West,
and then see how this form developed in some of the regions of
India. As you will see, despite their differences, there were many
commonalites of focus between novels written in different parts
of the world.
                                                                        177
                                                        2018-19


                                   1 The Rise of the Novel
                                   The novel is a modern form of literature. It is born from print, a
                                   mechanical invention.
                                   We cannot think of the novel without the printed book. In ancient
                                   times, as you have seen (Chapter 7), manuscripts were handwritten.
                                   These circulated among very few people. In contrast, because of
                                   being printed, novels were widely read and became popular very
                                   quickly. At this time big cities like London were growing rapidly
                                   and becoming connected to small towns and rural areas through
                                   print and improved communications. Novels produced a number
                                   of common interests among their scattered and varied readers. As
                                   readers were drawn into the story and identified with the lives of
                                   fictitious characters, they could think about issues such as the
                                   relationship between love and marriage, the proper conduct for
                                   men and women, and so on.
                                   The novel first took firm root in England and France. Novels began
                                   to be written from the seventeenth century, but they really flowered
                                   from the eighteenth century. New groups of lower-middle-class
                                   people such as shopkeepers and clerks, along with the traditional
                                   aristocratic and gentlemanly classes in England and France now
                                   formed the new readership for novels.
                                   As readership grew and the market for books expanded, the earnings
                                   of authors increased. This freed them from financial dependence
                                   on the patronage of aristocrats, and gave them independence to
                                   experiment with different literary styles. Henry Fielding, a novelist
                                   of the early eighteenth century, claimed he was ‘the founder of a
                                   new province of writing’ where he could make his own laws. The
                                   novel allowed flexibility in the form of writing. Walter Scott
India and the Contemporary World
                                   remembered and collected popular Scottish ballads which he used
                                   in his historical novels about the wars between Scottish clans. The
                                   epistolary novel, on the other hand, used the private and personal
                                   form of letters to tell its story. Samuel Richardson’s Pamela, written
                                   in the eighteenth century, told much of its story through an exchange    New words
                                   of letters between two lovers. These letters tell the reader of the
                                                                                                            Gentlemanly classes – People who claimed
                                   hidden conflicts in the heroine’s mind.
                                                                                                            noble birth and high social position. They were
                                                                                                            supposed to set the standard for proper
                                   1.1 The Publishing Market                                                behaviour
                                   For a long time the publishing market excluded the poor. Initially,      Epistolary – Written in the form of a series of
                                   novels did not come cheap. Henry Fielding’s Tom Jones (1749) was         letters
                                   178
                                                                                             2018-19


issued in six volumes priced at three shillings each – which was
more than what a labourer earned in a week.
But soon, people had easier access to books with the introduction
of circulating libraries in 1740. Technological improvements in
printing brought down the price of books and innovations in
marketing led to expanded sales. In France, publishers found that
they could make super profits by hiring out novels by the hour. The
novel was one of the first mass-produced items to be sold. There
were several reasons for its popularity. The worlds created by novels
were absorbing and believable, and seemingly real. While reading
novels, the reader was transported to another person’s world, and
began looking at life as it was experienced by the characters of the
novel. Besides, novels allowed individuals the pleasure of reading in
private, as well as the joy of publicly reading or discussing stories
                                                                           Fig. 1 – Cover page of Sketches by ‘Boz’.
with friends or relatives. In rural areas people would collect to hear     Charles Dickens’s first publication was a collection of
one of them reading a novel aloud, often becoming deeply involved          journalistic essays entitled Sketches by ‘Boz’ (1836).
in the lives of the characters. Apparently, a group at Slough in England
were very pleased to hear that Pamela, the heroine of Richardson’s
                                                                            New words
popular novel, had got married in their village. They rushed out to
the parish church and began to ring the church bells!                       Serialised – A format in which the story is
                                                                            published in instalments, each part in a new
In 1836 a notable event took place when Charles Dickens’s Pickwick
                                                                            issue of a journal
Papers was serialised in a magazine. Magazines were attractive since
they were illustrated and cheap. Serialisation allowed readers to relish
the suspense, discuss the characters of a novel and live for weeks
with their stories – like viewers of television soaps today!
                                                                                                                                     Novels, Society and History
                                                                           Fig. 3 – Cover page of All The Year Round.
                                                                           The most important feature of the magazine
                                                                           All the Year Round, edited by Charles
 Fig. 2 – Library notice.                                                  Dickens, was his serialised novels. This
 Libraries were well publicised.                                           particular issue begins with one.
                                                                                                                               179
                                                           2018-19


                                    Fig. 4 – Leo Tolstoy (1828-1910).
                                    Tolstoy was a famous Russian novelist who wrote extensively on
                                    rural life and community.
                                   1.2 The World of the Novel
                                                                                                              Discuss
                                   More than other forms of writing which came before, novels are
                                                                                                              Explain what is meant by the following types of
                                   about ordinary people. They do not focus on the lives of great
                                                                                                              novels:
                                   people or actions that change the destinies of states and empires.
                                                                                                              Ø Epistolary novel
                                   Instead, they are about the everyday life of common people.
                                                                                                              Ø Serialised novel
                                   In the nineteenth century, Europe entered the industrial age.              For each type, name one writer who wrote in
                                   Factories came up, business profits increased and the economy grew.        that style.
                                   But at the same time, workers faced problems. Cities expanded
                                   in an unregulated way and were filled with overworked and
                                   underpaid workers. The unemployed poor roamed the streets for
                                   jobs, and the homeless were forced to seek shelter in workhouses.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   The growth of industry was accompanied by an economic
                                   philosophy which celebrated the pursuit of profit and undervalued
                                   the lives of workers. Deeply critical of these developments, novelists
                                   such as Charles Dickens wrote about the terrible effects of
                                   industrialisation on people’s lives and characters. His novel Hard Times
                                   (1854) describes Coketown, a fictitious industrial town, as a grim
                                   place full of machinery, smoking chimneys, rivers polluted purple
                                   and buildings that all looked the same. Here workers are known
                                   as ‘hands’, as if they had no identity other than as operators
                                   of machines. Dickens criticised not just the greed for profits but
                                   also the ideas that reduced human beings into simple instruments           Fig. 5 – Charles Dickens
                                   of production.                                                             (1812-1870).
                                   180
                                                                                              2018-19


In other novels too, Dickens focused on the terrible conditions of
urban life under industrial capitalism. His Oliver Twist (1838) is the
tale of a poor orphan who lived in a world of petty criminals and
beggars. Brought up in a cruel workhouse (see Fig. 6), Oliver was
finally adopted by a wealthy man and lived happily ever after.
But not all novels about the lives of the poor gave readers the comfort
of a happy ending. Emile Zola’s Germinal (1885) on
the life of a young miner in France explores in harsh detail the
grim conditions of miners’ lives. It ends on a note of despair: the
strike the hero leads fails, his co-workers turn against him, and
hopes are shattered.
                                                                            Fig. 6 – A hungry Oliver asks for more
                                                                            food while other children at the workhouse
                                                                            look on with fear, illustration in Oliver
                                                                            Twist.
                                                                                                                                   Novels, Society and History
                                                                          Fig. 7 – Emile Zola, painting by Edward Manet,
                                                                          1868.
                                                                          Manet’s portrait of the French author Zola,
                                                                          showing the novelist at his worktable in an
                                                                          intimate and thoughtful relationship with books.
1.3 Community and Society
The vast majority of readers of the novel lived in the city. The novel
created in them a feeling of connection with the fate of rural
communities. The nineteenth-century British novelist Thomas Hardy,
for instance, wrote about traditional rural communities of England
                                                                                                                             181
                                                          2018-19


                                   that were fast vanishing. This was actually a time when large farmers
                                   fenced off land, bought machines and employed labourers to
                                   produce for the market. The old rural culture with its independent
                                   farmers was dying out. We get a sense of this change in Hardy’s
                                   Mayor of Casterbridge (1886). It is about Michael Henchard, a successful
                                   grain merchant, who becomes the mayor of the farming town of
                                   Casterbridge. He is an independent-minded man who follows his
                                   own style in conducting business. He can also be both unpredictably
                                   generous and cruel with his employees. Consequently, he is no
                                   match for his manager and rival Donald Farfrae who runs his
                                   business on efficient managerial lines and is well regarded for he
                                   is smooth and even-tempered with everyone. We can see that
                                   Hardy mourns the loss of the more personalised world that is
                                   disappearing, even as he is aware of its problems and the advantages       Fig. 8 – Thomas Hardy (1840-1928).
                                   of the new order.
                                   The novel uses the vernacular, the language that is spoken by
                                   common people. By coming closer to the different spoken languages
                                   of the people, the novel produces the sense of a shared world
                                   between diverse people in a nation. Novels also draw from different
                                   styles of language. A novel may take a classical language and combine
                                   it with the language of the streets and make them all a part of the
                                   vernacular that it uses. Like the nation, the novel brings together
                                   many cultures.
                                   1.4 The New Woman
                                   The most exciting element of the novel was the involvement of
                                   women. The eighteenth century saw the middle classes become
                                   more prosperous. Women got more leisure to read as well as write
India and the Contemporary World
                                   novels. And novels began exploring the world of women – their
                                   emotions and identities, their experiences and problems.
                                   Many novels were about domestic life – a theme about which
                                   women were allowed to speak with authority. They drew
                                   upon their experience, wrote about family life and earned
                                   public recognition.
                                    New words
                                    Vernacular – The normal, spoken form of a language rather
                                    than the formal, literary form
                                   182
                                                                                              2018-19


Fig. 9 – A girl reading, a painting by Jean Renoir (1841-1919).
By the nineteenth century, images of women reading silently, in
the privacy of the room, became common in European paintings.
                                                                                            Novels, Society and History
Fig. 10 – The home of a woman author, by George Cruikshank.
When women began writing novels many people feared that they would now
neglect their traditional role as wives and mothers and homes would be in disorder.
                                                                                      183
                                                        2018-19


                                   The novels of Jane Austen give us a glimpse of the world of women
                                   in genteel rural society in early-nineteenth-century Britain. They
                                   make us think about a society which encouraged women to look
                                   for ‘good’ marriages and find wealthy or propertied husbands. The
                                   first sentence of Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice states: ‘It is a truth
                                   universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good
                                   fortune, must be in want of a wife.’ This observation allows us to
                                   see the behaviour of the main characters, who are preoccupied with
                                   marriage and money, as typifying Austen’s society.
                                   But women novelists did not simply popularise the domestic role
                                   of women. Often their novels dealt with women who broke                      Fig. 11 – Jane Austen
                                                                                                                (1775-1817).
                                   established norms of society before adjusting to them. Such stories
                                   allowed women readers to sympathise with rebellious actions. In
                                   Charlotte Bronte’s Jane Eyre, published in 1847, young Jane is shown
                                   as independent and assertive. While girls of her time were expected
                                   to be quiet and well behaved, Jane at the age of ten protests against
                                   the hypocrisy of her elders with startling bluntness. She tells her
India and the Contemporary World
                                    Fig. 12 – The marriage contract, William Hogarth (1697-1764).
                                    As you can see, the two men in the foreground are busy with the signing of the marriage
                                    contract while the woman stays in the background.
                                   184
                                                                                                2018-19


Aunt who is always unkind to her: ‘People think you a good woman,
but you are bad ... You are deceitful! I will never call you aunt as
long as I live.’
Box 1
 Women novelists
 George Eliot (1819-1880) was the pen-name of Mary Ann Evans.
 A very popular novelist, she believed that novels gave women a
 special opportunity to express themselves freely. Every woman
 could see herself as capable of writing fiction:
                                                                          Fig. 13 – Charlotte Bronte (1816-1855).
 ‘Fiction is a department of literature in which women can, after
 their kind, fully equal men … No educational restrictions can shut
 women from the materials of fiction, and there is no species of art
 that is so free from rigid requirements.’
 George Eliot, ‘Silly novels by lady novelists’, 1856.
1.5 Novels for the Young
Novels for young boys idealised a new type of man: someone
who was powerful, assertive, independent and daring. Most of these
novels were full of adventure set in places remote from Europe.
The colonisers appear heroic and honourable – confronting ‘native’
peoples and strange surroundings, adapting to native life as well as
changing it, colonising territories and then developing nations there.
Books like R.L. Stevenson’s Treasure Island (1883) or Rudyard Kipling’s
                                                                          Box 2
Jungle Book (1894) became great hits.
G.A. Henty’s historical adventure novels for boys were also wildly
                                                                                                                              Novels, Society and History
                                                                           G.A. Henty (1832-1902):
popular during the height of the British empire. They aroused the
                                                                           In Under Drake’s Flag (1883) two young
excitement and adventure of conquering strange lands. They were
                                                                           Elizabethan adventurers face their apparently
set in Mexico, Alexandria, Siberia and many other countries. They          approaching death, but still remember to assert
were always about young boys who witness grand historical events,          their Englishness:
get involved in some military action and show what they called             ‘Well, Ned, we have had more good fortune than
                                                                           we could have expected. We might have been
‘English’ courage.
                                                                           killed on the day when we landed, and we have
                                                                           spent six jolly months in wandering together as
Love stories written for adolescent girls also first became popular
                                                                           hunters on the plain. If we must die, let us
in this period, especially in the US, notably Ramona (1884) by Helen       behave like Englishmen and Christians.’
Hunt Jackson and a series entitled What Katy Did (1872) by Sarah
Chauncey Woolsey, who wrote under the pen-name Susan Coolidge.
                                                                                                                        185
                                                          2018-19


                                   1.6 Colonialism and After
                                   The novel originated in Europe at a time when it was colonising the
                                   rest of the world. The early novel contributed to colonialism by
                                   making the readers feel they were part of a superior community of
                                   fellow colonialists. The hero of Daniel Defoe’s Robinson Crusoe (1719)
                                   is an adventurer and slave trader. Shipwrecked on an island, Crusoe
                                   treats coloured people not as human beings equal to him, but as
                                   inferior creatures. He rescues a ‘native’ and makes him his slave. He
                                   does not ask for his name but arrogantly gives him the name Friday.
                                   But at the time, Crusoe’s behaviour was not seen as unacceptable or
                                   odd, for most writers of the time saw colonialism as natural.
                                   Colonised people were seen as primitive and barbaric, less than
                                   human; and colonial rule was considered necessary to civilise them,
                                   to make them fully human. It was only later, in the twentieth century,
                                   that writers like Joseph Conrad (1857-1924) wrote novels that
                                   showed the darker side of colonial occupation.
                                   The colonised, however, believed that the novel allowed them to
                                   explore their own identities and problems, their own national
                                   concerns. Let us see how the novel became popular in India and
                                   what significance it had for society.
India and the Contemporary World
                                   186
                                                                                             2018-19


2 The Novel Comes to India
Stories in prose were not new to India. Banabhatta’s Kadambari,
written in Sanskrit in the seventh century, is an early example. The
Panchatantra is another. There was also a long tradition of prose
tales of adventure and heroism in Persian and Urdu, known as dastan.
However, these works were not novels as we know them today.
The modern novel form developed in India in the nineteenth century,
as Indians became familiar with the Western novel. The development
of the vernaculars, print and a reading public helped in this process.
Some of the earliest Indian novels were written in Bengali and
Marathi. The earliest novel in Marathi was Baba Padmanji’s Yamuna
Paryatan (1857), which used a simple style of storytelling to speak       Box 3
about the plight of widows. This was followed by Lakshman
                                                                           Not all Marathi novels were realistic. Naro Sadashiv
Moreshwar Halbe’s Muktamala (1861). This was not a realistic novel;        Risbud used a highly ornamental style in his Marathi
it presented an imaginary ‘romance’ narrative with a moral purpose.        novel Manjughosha (1868). This novel was filled
                                                                           with amazing events. Risbud had a reason behind
Leading novelists of the nineteenth century wrote for a cause.             his choice of style. He said:
Colonial rulers regarded the contemporary culture of India as inferior.    ‘Because of our attitude to marriage and for
On the other hand, Indian novelists wrote to develop a modern              several other reasons one finds in the lives of the
                                                                           Hindus neither interesting views nor virtues … If
literature of the country that could produce a sense of national
                                                                           we write about things that we experience
belonging and cultural equality with their colonial masters.               daily there would be nothing enthralling about
                                                                           them, so that if we set out to write an
Translations of novels into different regional languages helped to         entertaining book we are forced to take up with
spread the popularity of the novel and stimulated the growth of            the marvellous.’
the novel in new areas.
2.1 The Novel in South India
Novels began appearing in south Indian languages during the period
of colonial rule. Quite a few early novels came out of attempts to
                                                                                                                                  Novels, Society and History
translate English novels into Indian languages. For example,
O. Chandu Menon, a subjudge from Malabar, tried to translate an
English novel called Henrietta Temple written by Benjamin Disraeli
into Malayalam. But he quickly realised that his readers in Kerala
were not familiar with the way in which the characters in English
novels lived: their clothes, ways of speaking, and manners were
unknown to them. They would find a direct translation of an English
novel dreadfully boring. So, he gave up this idea and wrote instead
a story in Malayalam in the ‘manner of English novel books’. This
delightful novel called Indulekha, published in 1889, was the first       Fig. 14 – Chandu Menon
modern novel in Malayalam.                                                (1847-1899).
                                                                                                                            187
                                                          2018-19


                                   The case of Andhra Pradesh was strikingly similar. Kandukuri
                                   Viresalingam (1848-1919) began translating Oliver Goldsmith’s Vicar
                                   of Wakefield into Telugu. He abandoned this plan for similar reasons
                                   and instead wrote an original Telugu novel called Rajasekhara Caritamu
                                   in 1878.
                                                                                             Fig. 15 – Image from Pickwick Abroad.
                                                                                             A drawing from the book Pickwick Abroad written by
                                                                                             G.W.M. Reynolds.
                                                                                             Minor nineteenth-century English novelists like Reynolds,
                                                                                             F. Marion Crawford and Marie Corelli were hugely popular in
                                                                                             colonial India. Their novels – which were historical romances,
                                                                                             adventure stories and sensation novels – were easily available
                                                                                             and were translated and ‘adapted’ into several Indian languages.
                                                                                             Reynolds’s Pickwick Abroad (1839) was more popular in India
                                                                                             than Dickens’s original Pickwick Papers (1837).
                                   2.2 The Novel in Hindi
                                   In the north, Bharatendu Harishchandra, the pioneer of modern
                                   Hindi literature, encouraged many members of his circle of poets
India and the Contemporary World
                                   and writers to recreate and translate novels from other languages.
                                   Many novels were actually translated and adapted from English and
                                   Bengali under his influence, but the first proper modern novel was
                                   written by Srinivas Das of Delhi.
                                   Srinivas Das’s novel, published in 1882, was titled Pariksha-Guru (The
                                   Master Examiner). It cautioned young men of well-to-do families
                                   against the dangerous influences of bad company and consequent
                                   loose morals.
                                   Pariksha-Guru reflects the inner and outer world of the newly emerging
                                   middle classes. The characters in the novel are caught in the difficulty
                                   of adapting to colonised society and at the same time preserving
                                   188
                                                                                              2018-19


their own cultural identity. The world of colonial modernity seems             Discuss
to be both frightening and irresistible to the characters. The novel           Write about two important characteristics of the
tries to teach the reader the ‘right way’ to live and expects all ‘sensible    early Hindi novel.
men’ to be worldly-wise and practical, to remain rooted in the
values of their own tradition and culture, and to live with dignity
and honour.
In the novel we see the characters attempting to bridge two different
worlds through their actions: they take to new agricultural technology,
modernise trading practices, change the use of Indian languages,
                                                                              Box 4
making them capable of transmitting both Western sciences and
Indian wisdom. The young are urged to cultivate the ‘healthy habit’            The novel in Assam
of reading the newspapers. But the novel emphasises that all                   The first novels in Assam were written by
                                                                               missionaries. Two of them were translations of
this must be achieved without sacrificing the traditional values of
                                                                               Bengali including Phulmoni and Karuna. In 1888,
the middle-class household. With all its good intentions, Pariksha-            Assamese students in Kolkata formed the Asamya
Guru could not win many readers, as it was perhaps too moralising              Bhasar Unnatisadhan that brought out a journal
                                                                               called Jonaki . This journal opened up the
in its style.
                                                                               opportunities for new authors to develop the
The writings of Devaki Nandan Khatri created a novel-reading                   novel. Rajanikanta Bardoloi wrote the first major
                                                                               historical novel in Assam called Manomati (1900).
public in Hindi. His best-seller, Chandrakanta – a romance with                It is set in the Burmese invasion, stories of which
dazzling elements of fantasy – is believed to have contributed                 the author had probably heard from old soldiers
immensely in popularising the Hindi language and the Nagari                    who had fought in the 1819 campaign. It is a
                                                                               tale of two lovers belonging to two hostile families
script among the educated classes of those times. Although it was
                                                                               who are separated by the war and finally
apparently written purely for the ‘pleasure of reading’, this novel            reunited.
also gives some interesting insights into the fears and desires of its
reading public.
It was with the writing of Premchand that the Hindi novel achieved
excellence. He began writing in Urdu and then shifted to Hindi,
remaining an immensely influential writer in both languages. He drew
on the traditional art of kissa-goi (storytelling). Many critics think
that his novel Sewasadan (The Abode of Service), published in 1916,
lifted the Hindi novel from the realm of fantasy, moralising and
                                                                                                                                      Novels, Society and History
simple entertainment to a serious reflection on the lives of ordinary
people and social issues. Sewasadan deals mainly with the poor
condition of women in society. Issues like child marriage and dowry                                   Fig. 16a – Lakshminath
are woven into the story of the novel. It also tells us about the ways                                Bezbaruah (1868–1938)
in which the Indian upper classes used whatever little opportunities
they got from colonial authorities to govern themselves.
                                                                               He was a doyen of modern Assamese literature.
2.3 Novels in Bengal
                                                                               Burhi Aair Sadhu (Grandma’s Tales) is among his
                                                                               notable works. He penned the popular song of
In the nineteenth century, the early Bengali novels lived in two worlds.
                                                                               Assam, ‘O Mor Apunar Desh’ (O’ my beloved land).
Many of these novels were located in the past, their characters, events
                                                                                                                                189
                                                             2018-19


                                   and love stories based on historical events. Another group of novels
                                   depicted the inner world of domestic life in contemporary settings.
                                   Domestic novels frequently dealt with the social problems and
                                   romantic relationships between men and women.
                                   The old merchant elite of Calcutta patronised public forms of
                                   entertainment such as kabirlarai (poetry contests), musical soirees
                                   and dance performances. In contrast, the new bhadralok found
                                   himself at home in the more private world of reading novels.
                                   Novels were read individually. They could also be read in select
                                   groups. Sometimes the household of the great Bangla novelist
                                   Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay would host a jatra in the courtyard
                                   where members of the family would be gathered. In Bankim’s room,
                                   however, a group of literary friends would collect to read, discuss
                                   and judge literary works. Bankim read out Durgeshnandini (1865),
                                   his first novel, to such a gathering of people who were stunned to         Fig. 16b – Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
                                                                                                              (1838-1894).
                                   realise that the Bengali novel had achieved excellence so quickly.
                                                                                                              Bankim’s hands on the book indicates how
                                                                                                              writing was the basis of his social position
                                   Besides the ingenious twists and turns of the plot and the suspense,       and authority.
                                   the novel was also relished for its language. The prose style became
                                                                                                              Box 5
                                   a new object of enjoyment. Initially the Bengali novel used a colloquial
                                   style associated with urban life. It also used meyeli, the language         The Oriya novel
                                   associated with women’s speech. This style was quickly replaced             In 1877-78, Ramashankar Ray, a dramatist, began
                                                                                                               serialising the first Oriya novel, Saudamani. But
                                   by Bankim’s prose which was Sanskritised but also contained a
                                                                                                               he could not complete it. Within thirty years,
                                   more vernacular style.                                                      however, Orissa produced a major novelist in Fakir
                                                                                                               Mohon Senapati (1843-1918). The title of his
                                   The novel rapidly acquired popularity in Bengal. By the twentieth           novel Chaa Mana Atha Guntha (1902) translates
                                   century, the power of telling stories in simple language made Sarat         as six acres and thirty-two decimals of land. It
                                                                                                               announces a new kind of novel that will deal with
                                   Chandra Chattopadhyay (1876-1938) the most popular novelist in
                                                                                                               the question of land and its possession. It is the
                                   Bengal and probably in the rest of India.                                   story of Ramchandra Mangaraj, a landlord’s
                                                                                                               manager who cheats his idle and drunken master
                                                                                                               and then eyes the plot of fertile land owned by
India and the Contemporary World
                                                                                                               Bhagia and Shariya, a childless weaver couple.
                                                                                                               Mangaraj fools this couple and puts them into his
                                                                                                               debt so that he can take over their land. This
                                                                                                               pathbreaking work showed that the novel could
                                                                                                               make rural issues an important part of urban
                                                                                                               preoccupations. In writing this novel, Fakir Mohon
                                                                                                               anticipated a host of writers in Bengal and
                                                                                                               elsewhere.
                                                                                            Fig. 17 – The temple and the drawing room.
                                                                                            On the right is the temple where the family and others would gather
                                                                                            and on the left is the drawing room where Bankim would entertain
                                                                                            select friends to discuss new literary works. Note that the two
                                                                                            spaces – the traditional and the modern – are next to each other,
                                                                                            indicating the split lifestyle of most intellectuals in colonial India.
                                   190
                                                                                              2018-19


3 Novels in the Colonial World
If we follow the history of the novel in different parts of India we
can see many regional peculiarities. But there were also recurring
patterns and common concerns. What inspired the authors to write
novels? Who read the novels? How did the culture of reading
develop? How did the novels grapple with the problems of societal
change within a colonial society? What kind of a world did novels
open up for the readers? Let us explore some of these questions
by focusing primarily on the writings of three authors from different
regions: Chandu Menon, Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
and Premchand.
3.1 Uses of the Novel
Colonial administrators found ‘vernacular’ novels a valuable source
of information on native life and customs. Such information was
useful for them in governing Indian society, with its large variety of
communities and castes. As outsiders, the British knew little about
life inside Indian households. The new novels in Indian languages
                                                                          Fig. 18 – Cover page of the novel
often had descriptions of domestic life. They showed how people           Indirabai.
dressed, their forms of religious worship, their beliefs and practices,   Written at the end of the nineteenth
                                                                          century, Indirabai continues to be
and so on. Some of these books were translated into English, often        popular and is regularly reprinted. This
by British administrators or Christian missionaries.                      is the cover of a recent reprint.
Indians used the novel as a powerful medium to criticise what they
considered defects in their society and to suggest remedies. Writers
like Viresalingam used the novel mainly to propagate their ideas
                                                                          Box 6
about society among a wider readership.
                                                                           The message of reform
Novels also helped in establishing a relationship with the past. Many
                                                                           Many early novels carried a clear message of
                                                                                                                                   Novels, Society and History
of them told thrilling stories of adventures and intrigues set in the      social reform. For example, in Indirabai , a
past. Through glorified accounts of the past, these novels helped in       Kannada novel written by Gulavadi Venkata Rao
creating a sense of national pride among their readers.                    in 1899, the heroine is given away in marriage
                                                                           at a very young age to an elderly man. Her
At the same time, people from all walks of life could read novels so       husband dies soon after, and she is forced to
                                                                           lead the life of a widow. In spite of opposition
long as they shared a common language. This helped in creating a
                                                                           from her family and society, Indirabai succeeds
sense of collective belonging on the basis of one’s language.              in continuing her education. Eventually she
                                                                           marries again, this time a progressive, English-
 You would have noticed that people living in different regions speak      educated man. Women’s education, the plight
the same language in different ways – sometimes they use different         of widows, and problems created by the early
                                                                           marriage of girls – all these were important issues
words for the same thing; sometimes the same word is pronounced
                                                                           for social reformers in Karnataka at that time.
differently. With the coming of novels, such variations entered the
                                                                                                                             191
                                                          2018-19


                                   Box 7
                                    The most popular historical novelist in Tamil was
                                    R. Krishnamurthy who wrote under the pen-
                                    name ‘Kalki’. He was an active participant in the
                                    freedom movement and the editor of the widely
                                    read Tamil magazines Anandavikatan and Kalki.
                                    Written in simple language and full of heroism,
                                    adventure and suspense, Kalki’s novels captivated
                                    the Tamil-reading public of an entire generation.
                                                        Fig. 19 – A page from the
                                                        novel Ponniyin Selvan, written
                                                        by Kalki and serialised in the
                                                        magazine Kalki, 1951.
                                   world of print for the first time. The way characters spoke in a
                                   novel began to indicate their region, class or caste. Thus novels made
                                   their readers familiar with the ways in which people in other parts
                                   of their land spoke their language.
                                   3.2 The Problem of Being Modern
                                   Although they were about imaginary stories, novels often spoke to
                                   their readers about the real world. But novels did not always show
                                   things exactly as they were in reality. Sometimes, they presented a
                                   vision of how things ought to be. Social novelists often created
India and the Contemporary World
                                   heroes and heroines with ideal qualities, who their readers could
                                   admire and imitate. How were these ideal qualities defined? In many
                                   novels written during the colonial period, the ideal person successfully
                                   deals with one of the central dilemmas faced by colonial subjects:
                                   how to be modern without rejecting tradition, how to accept ideas
                                   coming from the West without losing one’s identity.
                                   Chandu Menon portrayed Indulekha as a woman of breathtaking
                                   beauty, high intellectual abilities, artistic talent, and with an education
                                   in English and Sanskrit. Madhavan, the hero of the novel, was
                                   also presented in ideal colours. He was a member of the newly
                                   English-educated class of Nayars from the University of Madras.
                                   192
                                                                                                 2018-19


He was also a ‘first-rate Sanskrit scholar’. He dressed in Western
clothes. But, at the same time, he kept a long tuft of hair, according
to the Nayar custom.
The heroes and heroines in most of the novels were people who
lived in the modern world. Thus they were different from the ideal
or mythological characters of the earlier poetic literature of India.
Under colonial rule, many of the English-educated class found new
Western ways of living and thinking attractive. But they also feared
that a wholesale adoption of Western values would destroy their
traditional ways of living. Characters like Indulekha and Madhavan
showed readers how Indian and foreign lifestyles could be brought
together in an ideal combination.
3.3 Pleasures of Reading
As elsewhere in the world, in India too, the novel became a popular
medium of entertainment among the middle class. The
circulation of printed books allowed people to amuse themselves
in new ways. Picture books, translations from other languages,
popular songs sometimes composed on contemporary events, stories
in newspapers and magazines – all these offered new forms
of entertainment. Within this new culture of print, novels soon
became immensely popular.
In Tamil, for example, there was a flood of popular novels in the
early decades of the twentieth century. Detective and mystery novels
often had to be printed again and again to meet the demand of
readers: some of them were reprinted as many as twenty-two times!
The novel also assisted in the spread of silent reading. We are so
used to reading in silence that it is difficult for us to think that this
                                                                                                                              Novels, Society and History
practice was not very common in the past. As late as the nineteenth
century and perhaps even in the early twentieth century, written texts
were often read aloud for several people to hear. Sometimes novels
were also read in this way, but in general novels encouraged reading        Fig. 20 – Cover page of Kathanjali, a Kannada
alone and in silence. Individuals sitting at home or travelling in trains   magazine.
                                                                            Kathanjali started publication in 1929 and
enjoyed them. Even in a crowded room, the novel offered a special           published short stories regularly. The picture
world of imagination into which the reader could slip, and be all           shows a mother reading out stories from a book
                                                                            to her children.
alone. In this, reading a novel was like daydreaming.
                                                                                                                        193
                                                            2018-19


                                   4 Women and the Novel
                                   Many people got worried about the effects of the novel on readers
                                   who were taken away from their real surroundings into an imaginary
                                   world where anything could happen. Some of them wrote in
                                   newspapers and magazines, advising people to stay away from the
                                   immoral influence of novels. Women and children were often singled
                                   out for such advice: they were seen as easily corruptible.
                                   Some parents kept novels in the lofts in their houses, out of their
                                   children’s reach. Young people often read them in secret. This passion
                                   was not limited only to the youth. Older women – some of whom
                                   could not read – listened with fascinated attention to popular
                                   Tamil novels read out to them by their grandchildren – a nice
                                   reversal of the familiar grandma’s tales!
                                   But women did not remain mere readers of stories written by men;
                                   soon they also began to write novels. In some languages, the early
                                   creations of women were poems, essays or autobiographical
                                   pieces. In the early decades of the twentieth century, women in
                                                                                                       Fig. 21 – A woman reading,
                                   south India also began writing novels and short stories. A reason woodcut by Satyendranath Bishi.
                                   for the popularity of novels among women was that it allowed The woodcut shows how women
                                                                                                       were discovering the pleasure of
                                   for a new conception of womanhood. Stories of love – which reading. By the end of the
                                   was a staple theme of many novels – showed women who could nineteenth century, images of
                                                                                                       women reading became common in
                                   choose or refuse their partners and relationships. It showed popular magazines in India.
                                   women who could to some extent control their lives. Some women
                                   authors also wrote about women who changed the world of both
                                   men and women.                                                     Source A
                                   Rokeya Hossein (1880-1932) was a reformer who, after she was             Why women should not read novels
                                   widowed, started a girl’s school in Calcutta. She wrote a satiric        From a Tamil essay published in 1927:
India and the Contemporary World
                                   fantasy in English called Sultana’s Dream (1905) which shows a topsy-    ‘Dear children, don’t read these novels, don’t
                                   turvy world in which women take the place of men. Her n o v e l          even touch them. Your life will be ruined. You
                                                                                                            will suffer disease and ailments. Why did the good
                                   Padmarag also showed the need for women to reform their condition
                                                                                                            Lord make you – to wither away at a tender
                                   by their own actions.                                                    age? To suffer in disease? To be despised by
                                                                                                            your brothers, relatives and those around you?
                                                                                                            No. No. You must become mothers; you must
                                                                                                            lead happy lives; this is the divine purpose. You
                                    New words                                                               who were born to fulfil this sublime goal, should
                                                                                                            you ruin your life by going crazy after despicable
                                    Satire – A form of representation through writing, drawing,             novels?’
                                    painting, etc. that provides a criticism of society in a manner that    Essay by Thiru. Vi. Ka,     Translated by A.R.
                                                                                                            Venkatachalapathy
                                    is witty and clever                                                                                  Source
                                   194
                                                                                             2018-19


It is not surprising that many men were suspicious of women writing         Box 8
novels or reading them. This suspicion cut across communities.
                                                                             Women with books
Hannah Mullens, a Christian missionary and the author of Karuna o
                                                                             ‘These days we can see women in black bordered
Phulmonir Bibaran (1852), reputedly the first novel in Bengali, tells her    sarees with massive books in their hands, walking
readers that she wrote in secret. In the twentieth century, Sailabala        inside their houses. Often seeing them with these
Ghosh Jaya, a popular novelist, could only write because her husband         books in hand, their brothers or husbands are
                                                                             seized with fear – in case they are asked for
protected her. As we have seen in the case of the south, women and           meanings.’
girls were often discouraged from reading novels.                            Sadharani, 1880.
4.1 Caste Practices, ‘Lower-Castes’ and Minorities
As you have seen, Indulekha was a love story. But it was also about
an issue that was hotly debated at the time when the novel was
written. This concerned the marriage practices of upper-caste Hindus
in Kerala, especially the Nambuthiri Brahmins and the Nayars.
Nambuthiris were also major landlords in Kerala at that time; and a
large section of the Nayars were their tenants. In late-nineteenth-
century Kerala, a younger generation of English-educated Nayar
men who had acquired property and wealth on their own, began
arguing strongly against Nambuthiri alliances with Nayar women.
They wanted new laws regarding marriage and property.
The story of Indulekha is interesting in the light of these debates. Suri
Nambuthiri, the foolish landlord who comes to marry Indulekha,
is the focus of much satire in the novel. The intelligent heroine
rejects him and chooses Madhavan, the educated and handsome
Nayar as her husband, and the young couple move to Madras,
where Madhavan joins the civil service. Suri Nambuthiri, desperate
to find a partner for himself, finally marries a poorer relation from
the same family and goes away pretending that he has married
Indulekha! Chandu Menon clearly wanted his readers to appreciate
                                                                                                                                  Novels, Society and History
the new values of his hero and heroine and criticise the ignorance
and immorality of Suri Nambuthiri.
Novels like Indirabai and Indulekha were written by members of the
upper castes, and were primarily about upper-caste characters. But           Fig. 22 – Malabar Beauty, painting by
                                                                             Ravi Varma.
not all novels were of this kind.                                            Chandu Menon thought that the novel
                                                                             was similar to new trends in Indian
Potheri Kunjambu, a ‘lower-caste’ writer from north Kerala, wrote            painting.
a novel called Saraswativijayam in 1892, mounting a strong attack on         One of the foremost oil painters of this
                                                                             time was Raja Ravi Varma (1848-
caste oppression. This novel shows a young man from an                       1906). Chandu Menon’s description
‘untouchable’ caste, leaving his village to escape the cruelty of his        of his heroines may have been guided
                                                                             by some of his paintings.
Brahmin landlord. He converts to Christianity, obtains modern
                                                                                                                            195
                                                           2018-19


                                   education, and returns as the judge in the local court. Meanwhile, the
                                   villagers, thinking that the landlord’s men had killed him, file a case.
                                   At the conclusion of the trial, the judge reveals his true identity, and
                                   the Nambuthiri repents and reforms his ways. Saraswativijayam stresses
                                   the importance of education for the upliftment of the lower castes.
                                   From the 1920s, in Bengal too a new kind of novel emerged that
                                   depicted the lives of peasants and ‘low’ castes. Advaita Malla
                                   Burman’s (1914-51) Titash Ekti Nadir Naam (1956) is an epic about
                                   the Mallas, a community of fisherfolk who live off fishing in the
                                   river Titash. The novel is about three generations of the Mallas,
                                   about their recurring tragedies and the story of Ananta, a child born
                                   of parents who were tragically separated after their wedding night.
                                   Ananta leaves the community to get educated in the city. The novel
                                   describes the community life of the Mallas in great detail, their Holi
                                   and Kali Puja festivals, boat races, bhatiali songs, their relationships
                                   of friendship and animosity with the peasants and the oppression
                                   of the upper castes. Slowly the community breaks up and the Mallas
                                   start fighting amongst themselves as new cultural influences from
                                   the city start penetrating their lives. The life of the community and
                                   that of the river is intimately tied. Their end comes together: as the
                                   river dries up, the community dies too. While novelists before Burman
                                   had featured ‘low’ castes as their protagonists, Titash is special because
                                   the author is himself from a ‘low-caste’, fisherfolk community.
                                   Over time, the medium of the novel made room for the experiences
                                   of communities that had not received much space in the literary
                                   scene earlier. Vaikkom Muhammad Basheer (1908-94), for example,
                                   was one of the early Muslim writers to gain wide renown as a
                                   novelist in Malayalam.
                                   Basheer had little formal education. Most of his works were based
India and the Contemporary World
                                   on his own rich personal experience rather than on books from the
                                   past. When he was in class five at school, Basheer left home to take
                                   part in the Salt Satyagraha. Later he spent years wandering in different
                                   parts of India and travelling even to Arabia, working in a ship, living      Fig. 23 – Basheer carrying books.
                                   with Sufis and Hindu sanyasis, and training as a wrestler.                   In his early years as a writer,
                                                                                                                Basheer had great difficulty
                                   Basheer’s short novels and stories were written in the ordinary              earning a living from his books.
                                                                                                                He often sold them himself,
                                   language of conversation. With wonderful humour, Basheer’s novels            carrying copies personally to
                                   spoke about details from the everyday life of Muslim households.             houses and shops. In some of his
                                                                                                                stories, Basheer wrote about his
                                   He also brought into Malayalam writing themes which were                     days as a vendor of his own
                                   considered very unusual at that time – poverty, insanity and life            books.
                                   in prisons.
                                   196
                                                                                                2018-19


 5 The Nation and its History
The history written by colonial historians tended to depict Indians as
weak, divided, and dependent on the British. These histories could
not satisfy the tastes of the new Indian administrators and intellectuals.
Nor did the traditional Puranic stories of the past – peopled by
gods and demons, filled with the fantastic and the supernatural –
seem convincing to those educated and working under the English
system. Such minds wanted a new view of the past that would
show that Indians could be independent minded and had been so in
history. The novel provided a solution. In it, the nation could be
imagined in a past that also featured historical characters, places,
events and dates.
In Bengal, many historical novels were about Marathas and Rajputs.
These novels produced a sense of a pan-Indian belonging. They
imagined the nation to be full of adventure, heroism, romance and            Fig. 24 – Image from the film Chemmeen.
                                                                             Many novels were made into films. The novel
sacrifice – qualities that could not be found in the offices and streets     Chemmeen (Shrimp, 1956), written by Thakazhi
of the nineteenth-century world. The novel allowed the colonised             Sivasankara Pillai (1912-99), is set in the
                                                                             fishing community in Kerala, and characters
to give shape to their desires. Bhudeb Mukhopadhyay’s (1827-94)              speak a variety of Malayalam used by fisherfolk
Anguriya Binimoy (1857) was the first historical novel written in Bengal.    in the region. The film Chemmeen, directed by
                                                                             Ramu Kariat, was made in 1965.
Its hero Shivaji engages in many battles against a clever and treacherous
Aurangzeb. Man Singh persuades Shivaji to make peace with
Aurangzeb. Realising that Aurangzeb intended to confine him as a
house prisoner, Shivaji escapes and returns to battle. What gives him
courage and tenacity is his belief that he is a nationalist fighting for
the freedom of Hindus.
The imagined nation of the novel was so powerful that it
could inspire actual political movements. Bankim’s Anandamath (1882)
is a novel about a secret Hindu militia that fights Muslims to establish
                                                                                                                               Novels, Society and History
a Hindu kingdom. It was a novel that inspired many kinds of
freedom fighters.
Many of these novels also reveal the problems of thinking about
the nation. Was India to be a nation of only a single religious
community? Who had natural claims to belong to the nation?                   Fig. 25 – A still from the
                                                                             Kannada film Chomana Dudi
                                                                             (Choma’s Drum, directed by
                                                                             B.V. Karanth in 1975).
5.1 The Novel and Nation Making                                              The film is based on a novel of
                                                                             the same title written in 1930 by
Imagining a heroic past was one way in which the novel helped in             the celebrated Kannada novelist
popularising the sense of belonging to a common nation. Another              Sivarama Karanth (1902-1997).
                                                                                                                         197
                                                            2018-19


                                   way was to include various classes in the novel so that they could be Box 9
                                   seen to belong to a shared world. Premchand’s novels, for instance,
                                                                                                          Rabindranath Tagore (1861-1941) developed the
                                   are filled with all kinds of powerful characters drawn from all levels Bengali novel after Bankim’s death. His early novels
                                   of society. In his novels you meet aristocrats and landlords, middle-  were historical; he later shifted to writing stories
                                                                                                          about domestic relationships. He was mainly
                                   level peasants and landless labourers, middle-class professionals and
                                                                                                          preoccupied with the condition of women and
                                   people from the margins of society. The women characters are           nationalism. Both concerns are featured in his
                                   strong individuals, especially those who come from the lower classes   Ghare Baire (1916) translated in 1919 as The
                                   and are not modernised. Unlike many of his contemporaries,             Home   and the World. The story is about Bimala,
                                                                                                          the wife of Nikhilesh, a liberal landlord who
                                   Premchand rejected the nostalgic obsession with ancient history.       believes that he can save his country by patiently
                                   Instead, his novels look towards the future without forgetting the     bettering the lives of its poor and marginal
                                                                                                          sections. But Bimala is attracted to Sandip, her
                                   importance of the past.
                                                                                                             husband’s friend and a firebrand extremist. Sandip
                                   Drawn from various strata of society, Premchand’s characters create       is so completely dedicated to throwing out the
                                                                                                             British that he does not mind if the poor ‘low’
                                   a community based on democratic values. The central character of          castes suffer and Muslims are made to feel like
                                   his novel Rangbhoomi (The Arena), Surdas, is a visually impaired beggar   outsiders. By becoming a part of Sandip’s group,
                                   from a so-called ‘untouchable’ caste. The very act of choosing such       Bimala gets a sense of self-worth and self-esteem.
                                                                                                             Rabindranth also shows the contradictory effects
                                   a person as the ‘hero’ of a novel is significant. It makes the lives of   of nationalist involvement for women. Bimala may
                                   the most oppressed section of society as worthy of literary reflection.   be admired by the young males of the group
                                   We see Surdas struggling against the forcible takeover of his land        but she cannot influence their decisions. Indeed
                                                                                                             she is used by Sandip to acquire funds for the
                                   for establishing a tobacco factory. As we read the story we wonder        movement. Tagore’s novels are striking because
                                   about industrialisation and its impact on society and people. Who         they make us rethink both man-woman
                                   does it serve? Must other ways of living be sacrificed for it? The        relationships and nationalism.
                                   story of Surdas was inspired by Gandhi’s personality and ideas.
                                   Godan (The Gift of Cow), published in 1936, remains Premchand’s
                                   best-known work. It is an epic of the Indian peasantry. The novel
                                   tells the moving story of Hori and his wife Dhania, a peasant couple.
                                   Landlords, moneylenders, priests and colonial bureaucrats – all those
                                   who hold power in society – form a network of oppression, rob
                                   their land and make them into landless labourers. Yet Hori and Dhania
                                   retain their dignity to the end.
India and the Contemporary World
                                     Activity
                                    Read Godan. Write briefly on:
                                    Ø How Premchand depicts the life of peasants in the novel.
                                    Ø What the novel tells us about the life of peasants during the          Fig. 26 – Portrait of
                                                                                                             Premchand (1880-
                                    Great Depression.
                                                                                                             1936).
                                   198
                                                                                             2018-19


Conclusion
We have seen how, over the course of its history in both the West
and in India, the novel became part of the lives of different sections
of people. Developments in print technologies allowed the novel
to break out of its small circle of readers and introduced fresh
ways of reading. But through their stories, novels have also shown a
capacity to include and focus on the lives of those who were not
often known to literate and middle-class circles. We have seen some
examples of these in Premchand, but they are equally present in the
works of other novelists.
Bringing together people from varied backgrounds produces a sense
of shared community. The most notable form of this community
is the nation. Equally significant is the fact that by bringing in both
the powerful and the marginal peoples and cultures, the novel throws
up many questions about the nature of these communities. We can
say then that novels produce a sense of sharing, and promote an
understanding of different people, different values and different
communities. At the same time they explore how different groups
begin to question or reflect upon their own identities.
                                                                                Novels, Society and History
                                                                          199
                                                          2018-19


                                     Write in brief
                                         1. Explain the following:
                                            a) Social changes in Britain which led to an increase in women readers
                                            b) What actions of Robinson Crusoe make us see him as a typical coloniser.
                                                                                                                                 Write in brief
                                            c) After 1740, the readership of novels began to include poorer people.
                                            d) Novelists in colonial India wrote for a political cause.
                                         2. Outline the changes in technology and society which led to an increase in
                                            readers of the novel in eighteenth-century Europe.
                                         3. Write a note on:
                                            a) The Oriya novel
                                            b) Jane Austen’s portrayal of women
                                            c) The picture of the new middle class which the novel Pariksha-Guru portrays.
                                     Discuss
                                         1. Discuss some of the social changes in nineteenth-century Britain which Thomas Hardy
                                            and Charles Dickens wrote about.
                                         2. Summarise the concern in both nineteenth-century Europe and India about women
                                            reading novels. What does this suggest about how women were viewed?
                                         3. In what ways was the novel in colonial India useful for both the colonisers as well as the
                                            nationalists?
                                                                                                                                                  Discuss
                                         4. Describe how the issue of caste was included in novels in India. By referring to any two
                                            novels, discuss the ways in which they tried to make readers think about existing social
India and the Contemporary World
                                            issues.
                                         5. Describe the ways in which the novel in India attempted to create a sense of pan-Indian
                                            belonging.
                                    Project
                                         Imagine that you are a historian in 3035 AD. You have just located two novels which were written
                                         in the twentieth century. What do they tell you about society and customs of the time?
                                                                                                                       Project
                                   200
                                                                                      2018-19
