The student has written the following answer for this question: 

 Two examples to show the contribution of culture to the growth of nationalism : "Neem has anti-bacterial properties which remove pimple causing bacteriaT. A primary factor for the growth of nationalism in Europe was Romanticism Romanticism was a. European culture movement aimed at developing national unity by creating a sense of shared heritage and common history. The Romantic artist's emphasis on emotions intuition and mystical feelings gave shape and expression to nationalist feelings. Apart from romanticism language also played an important role developing nationalist feeling in in. Europe. For example during was seen as a symbol of struggle against russians during this period Polish language was forced out of schools and Russian was made compulsory everywhere Mony members of the clergy started refusing to preach in russian and used Polish for church gathtus. This way there of Polish helped spread the ... message of national unity

Student has not written anything covering the following points: 

None. All points were adequately covered 

------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Student has loosely touched upon the following points, but a more adequate coverage was expected: 

 Two examples to show the contribution of culture to the growth of nationalism in Europe were: 1.

The emphasis on the use of vernacularlanguage, the language of the masses, helped spread the message of national unity.
------------------------------------------------------------------- 

The student has covered the following points perfectly and as per expectation: 

Romanticism was a European cultural movement aimed at developing national unity by creating a sense of shared heritage and common history. The strength of art in promoting nationalism is well exemplified in the role played by European poets and artists in mobilising public opinion to support the Greeks in their struggle to establish their national identity.
The Romantic artists' emphasis on emotions, intuition and mystical feelings gave shape and expression to nationalist sentiments.
Language also played a distinctive role in developing nationalist feelings in Europe.
During this period, Polish language was forced out of schools and Russian language was imposed everywhere. They did so by refusing to preach in Russian, and by using Polish for Church gatherings and religious instruction.
------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Evaluated Score: 
3.2801413860974473 out of 4
