The student has written the following answer for this question: 

 Two examples to show the contribution of culture to the growth of nationalism "Neem has antibacterial properties which remove pimple-causing bacteria" :ли Europe 1. A memory factor for the growth of nationalism in Europe was Romanticism Romanticism was a. European culture movement aimed at developing national unity by creating a sense of shared heritage common history. The Romantic artist's emphasis on emotions intuition and mystical feelings gave shape and expression to nationalist feelings. Apart from romanticism language also played an important role in developing nationalist feeling. For example during occupation, the use of Polish was seen as a symbol of struggle against russian russian. During this period Polish language forced out of schools and Russian was mode compulsory everywhere Mony members of the clergy started refusing to preach in russian and used Polish for church gatherings and other religious activities. This way these of Polish helped spread the message of national unity.

Student has not written anything covering the following points: 


------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Student has loosely touched upon the following points, but a more adequate coverage was expected: 

The emphasis on the use of vernacularlanguage, the language of the masses, helped spread the message of national unity.
------------------------------------------------------------------- 

The student has covered the following points perfectly and as per expectation: 

 Two examples to show the contribution of culture to the growth of nationalism in Europe were: 1.
Romanticism was a European cultural movement aimed at developing national unity by creating a sense of shared heritage and common history. The strength of art in promoting nationalism is well exemplified in the role played by European poets and artists in mobilising public opinion to support the Greeks in their struggle to establish their national identity.
The Romantic artists’ emphasis on emotions, intuition and mystical feelings gave shape and expression to nationalist sentiments.
Language also played a distinctive role in developing nationalist feelings in Europe.
An example of this is how during Russian occupation, the use of Polish came to be seen as a symbol of struggle against Russian dominance.
During this period, Polish language was forced out of schools and Russian language was imposed everywhere. They did so by refusing to preach in Russian, and by using Polish for Church gatherings and religious instruction.
------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Evaluated Score: 
3.305019588583848 out of 4
